The rope is strong, is a thick rope.	A smile is an expression that you have on your face when you are grateful, entertaining, or when you&#39;re being friendly.
A rooster is an adult male chicken.	A journey is a long journey by boat or a spaceship.
Noon is at 12:00 in the middle of the day.	A rope is a thin cord made of twisted wires, used to tie things together or tie packages.
Fruit is something that grows on a tree or shrub and containing seeds or a covered pit for a substance that you can eat.	An oven is a container or enclosed space in which a very hot fire is made, for example to melt metal, burn trash or produce steam.
An autograph is a signature of someone famous that is specifically written for a fan to keep.	The coast or shoreline of a sea, lake or river is extensive land along the edge of these.
An automobile is a car.	In the legends and fairy tales, a magician is a man who has magical powers.
A lot of something is a big pile of this round.	A kitchen is a piece of equipment that provides heat, either for cooking or heat a room.
A laugh is a smile from ear to ear.	An instrument is a tool or other piece of equipment.
A Asylum is a psychiatric hospital.	Fruit is something that grows on a tree or shrub and containing seeds or a covered pit for a substance that you can eat.
A Asylum is a psychiatric hospital.	A monk is a member of a male religious community which is usually separated from the outside world.
A cemetery is an area of ​​land, sometimes near a church where people are buried dead.	If you describe a place or situation like a madhouse, it means that is full of confusion and noise.
Glass is transparent and hard substance that is used to make things like windows and bottles.	A magician is a person who entertains people doing magic tricks.
A boy is a child who will grow to be a man	A rooster is an adult male chicken.
A cushion is a cloth bag filled with soft material, which put in a chair to make it more comfortable.	A gem is a precious stone used to decorate valuable things you wear, such as rings or necklaces.
A monk is a member of a male religious community which is usually separated from the outside world.	A slave is someone who is owned by someone else and have to work for that person.
A Asylum is a psychiatric hospital.	A cemetery is a place where the bodies of those killed or his ashes are buried.
The coast is an area of ​​land next to the sea.	A forest is a large area where trees grow near each other.
A laugh is a smile from ear to ear.	A boy is a young person or a child.
The coast or shoreline of a sea, lake or river is extensive land along the edge of these.	A forest is a place with many trees.
A monk is a member of a male religious community which is usually separated from the outside world.	In ancient times, an oracle was a priest or priestess who formulated statements regarding future events or the Truth.
A boy is a child who will grow to be a man	A sage is a person who is known for being very intelligent.
An automobile is a car.	A cushion is a cloth bag filled with soft material, which put in a chair to make it more comfortable.
A lot of something is a big pile of this round.	The coast or shoreline of a sea, lake or river is extensive land along the edge of these.
A boy is a young person or a child.	In the legends and fairy tales, a magician is a man who has magical powers.
A forest is a large area where trees grow near each other.	A cemetery is an area of ​​land, sometimes near a church where people are buried dead.
The food is what people and animals eat.	A rooster is an adult male chicken.
A cemetery is a place where the bodies of those killed or his ashes are buried.	A forest is a place with many trees.
The coast or shoreline of a sea, lake or river is extensive land along the edge of these.	A journey is a long journey by boat or a spaceship.
A bird is a creature with feathers and wings, the females lay eggs and most birds can fly.	A forest is a place with many trees.
The coast is an area of ​​land next to the sea.	A hill is an area that is higher than the surrounding terrain.
An oven is a container or enclosed space in which a very hot fire is made, for example to melt metal, burn trash or produce steam.	An instrument is a tool or other piece of equipment.
A crane is a large machine that moves things large lifting them into the air.	A rooster is an adult male chicken.
A hill is an area that is higher than the surrounding terrain.	A forest is a place with many trees.
A car is a motor vehicle with room for a small number of passengers.	When a trip aces, you travel from one place to another aces -&gt; do
A cemetery is a place where the bodies of those killed or his ashes are buried.	A lot of something is a big pile of this round.
Glass is transparent and hard substance that is used to make things like windows and bottles.	A gem is a precious stone used to decorate valuable things you wear, such as rings or necklaces.
A magician is a person who entertains people doing magic tricks.	In ancient times, an oracle was a priest or priestess who formulated statements regarding future events or the Truth.
A crane is a large machine that moves things large lifting them into the air.	An instrument is a tool or other piece of equipment.
Your brother is a boy or a man who has the same parents as you.	A boy is a young person or a child.
A sage is a person who is known for being very intelligent.	In the legends and fairy tales, a magician is a man who has magical powers.
In ancient times, an oracle was a priest or priestess who formulated statements regarding future events or the Truth.	A sage is a person who is known for being very intelligent.
A bird is a creature with feathers and wings, the females lay eggs and most birds can fly.	A crane is a large machine that moves things large lifting them into the air.
A bird is a creature with feathers and wings, the females lay eggs and most birds can fly.	A rooster is an adult male chicken.
The food is what people and animals eat.	Fruit is something that grows on a tree or shrub and containing seeds or a covered pit for a substance that you can eat.
Your brother is a boy or a man who has the same parents as you.	A monk is a member of a male religious community which is usually separated from the outside world.
A Asylum is a psychiatric hospital.	If you describe a place or situation like a madhouse, it means that is full of confusion and noise.
An oven is a container or enclosed space in which a very hot fire is made, for example to melt metal, burn trash or produce steam.	A kitchen is a piece of equipment that provides heat, either for cooking or heat a room.
A magician is a person who entertains people doing magic tricks.	In the legends and fairy tales, a magician is a man who has magical powers.
A hill is an area that is higher than the surrounding terrain.	A lot of something is a big pile of this round.
The rope is strong, is a thick rope.	A rope is a thin cord made of twisted wires, used to tie things together or tie packages.
Glass is transparent and hard substance that is used to make things like windows and bottles.	A cup is a glass with straight ends.
A laugh is a smile from ear to ear.	A smile is an expression that you have on your face when you are grateful, entertaining, or when you&#39;re being friendly.
In ancient times, the servants were a class of people who had to work in the field of a particular person and could not leave without the permission of that person.	A slave is someone who is owned by someone else and have to work for that person.
When you do a tour, you travel from one place to another.	A journey is a long journey by boat or a spaceship.
An autograph is a signature of someone famous that is specifically written for a fan to keep.	Your signature is your name, written in your own characteristic way, often at the end of a document to indicate that you wrote the document or that you agree with what design
The coast is an area of ​​land next to the sea.	The coast or shoreline of a sea, lake or river is extensive land along the edge of these.
A forest is a large area where trees grow near each other.	A forest is a place with many trees.
An instrument is a tool or other piece of equipment.	A tool is any instrument or single piece of equipment that you hold with your hands and use to make a particular type of work.
A rooster is an adult male chicken.	A rooster is an adult male chicken.
A boy is a child who will grow to be a man	A boy is a young person or a child.
A cushion is a cloth bag filled with soft material, which put in a chair to make it more comfortable.	A pillow is a cushion in a rectangular shape in which you support your head when you&#39;re in bed.
A cemetery is a place where the bodies of those killed or his ashes are buried.	A cemetery is an area of ​​land, sometimes near a church where people are buried dead.
An automobile is a car.	A car is a motor vehicle with room for a small number of passengers.
Noon is at 12:00 in the middle of the day.	Noon is at 12:00 in the middle of the day.
A gem is a gem or stone is used in jewelry.	A gem is a precious stone used to decorate valuable things you wear, such as rings or necklaces.
