The problem will likely mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	He said the problem should be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is authorized to fly again.
The Nasdaq composite index, technology cordones.IXIC inches below 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	The Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index amplio.SPX inch 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
&quot;It&#39;s a huge black eye,&quot; said editor Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.	&quot;It&#39;s a huge black eye,&quot; said Arthur Sulzberger, publisher of the newspaper, the scandal.
William SEC Chairman Donaldson said there is a &quot;building confidence out there that the police are on the pace.&quot;	I think there is a confidence building that the police are on the pace.
Vivendi shares closed down 1.9% to 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	In New York, shares of Vivendi fell 1.4 percent to $ 18.29.
Democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi Myanmar return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a hospital in Yangon, said his personal physician.	Democracy leader of Myanmar Aung San Suu Kyi will remain under house arrest after his release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, his personal physician said on Friday.
Darren Dopp, a spokesman for Spitzer, declined to comment Thursday afternoon.	John Heine, a spokesman for the Commission in Washington, declined to comment on the criticism of Mr. Spitzer.
Bremer said it was an initiative to launch a program of US $ 70 million nationwide in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a program of $ 70 million in the next two weeks to clean neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
In afternoon operations in Europe, France&#39;s CAC-40 advanced and the British FTSE 100 gained 0.7% each, while the DAX index in Germany rose 0.6 percent.	In Europe, France&#39;s CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain&#39;s FTSE 100 declined 0.2 the percent and Germany&#39;s DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
Later he learned that the incident was caused by the sonic boom of the Concorde.	Later he learned that the alarming incident was caused by the powerful rumble of the Concorde.
Senators John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.	Absences were Senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Page said it is also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender differences in disease susceptibility.	He added that the genes on the Y could play a role in influencing gender differences in disease susceptibility.
One facet rather temperament is studied how people respond to novelty.	One of the defining characteristics and temperament well studied is how people will react to novelty.
But butterflies exposed to light previous cycle, from 1 to 13, themselves oriented to the southeast.	But butterflies located under a previous cycle of light, 1 to 13, flew to the southeast.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was &quot;that we were all pulling for.	He has a very good reputation, &quot;analyst Juli Niemann RT Jones said Grant.
A key question was France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against UN authorization for war, to vote &quot;Yes&quot; or abstain.	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against UN approval for war, also sought changes.
Mel-stirring passion biblical epic &quot;The Passion of Christ&quot; will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.	Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute its biblical epic embattled &quot;The Passion of Christ&quot; in the United States.
Dunlap won the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing &quot;If I could.&quot;	He won the talent portion singing &quot;If I could&quot; and also won in eveningwear.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fire could cost almost $ 2 billion.	State officials estimate that the cost of nearly $ 2 billion.
The American Express Corporation has committed at least $ 3 million more than $ 5 million needed.	The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew the request when American Express pledged at least $ 3 million.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 million young people infected, 62 percent of them women.	Of the 1.1 million infected in South Asia, 62% are women.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five people.	An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
Executive recruiters say finding an experienced Marketing Manager agent may be the most difficult of all hires because there is such a shortage of good.	Executive recruiters say finding an experienced Marketing Manager agent may be the most difficult of employees.
AAA spokesman Jerry Ceske said prices may affect some plans, but cheap Reserve blunted the effect.	AAA spokesman Jerry Ceske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap offers created for it.
The conflict in decades has killed more than 10,000 people in the province rich in resources, most of them civilians.	More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, reaching the average Texas coast July 15 with winds of 85 miles per hour.	Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the Texas coast Mid July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 kilometers per hour.
She countersued for $ 125 million, says Gruner Jahr &amp; broke her contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.	She countersued for $ 125 million, he says G + J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and had manipulated the financial figures of the magazine.
The standard edition is $ 15,000 per processor or $ 300 per named user.	The Standard Edition One is a version of a processor based Oracle Standard Edition.
The results of carbonated beverage maker PepsiCo Inc. # 2 US (nyse: PEP people - news -) were likely to be in the limelight.	Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP people - news -) to report earnings after the close.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its creator, Connectix, earlier this year.
Taylor aides warn that an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, an opinion shared by many in Liberia and in private, even by mediators.	His aides warn that an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, an opinion shared by many in Liberia.
But Odette is the first way on the Caribbean Sea in December, the center said.	It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
Leon Williams body was found in her third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St. in Tompkinsville.	The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in her apartment on the third floor.
It is the first such exercise since the terrorist attacks of September 11 in New York and Washington.	It is the first large-scale anti-terrorist nation exercise since the terrorist attacks of September 11.
The AFL-CIO is to wait until October to decide whether to support a candidate.	The AFL-CIO said Wednesday it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primary election.
Ursel Reisen confirmed that ran the coach, but gave no details other than to say that the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed that he had been running coach, but refused to give details other than to say passengers were of mixed ages.
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the organization said.	A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organization in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
He hoped also visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.	Khatami, who arrived in Beirut on Monday was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
General Myers told reporters that &quot;at first glance, it seems that the rules were broken&quot;.	&quot;At first glance, it seems that the rules were broken,&quot; said General Richard Myers, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Proving that the sacrifice of the son would not anonymous Millville Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast over the next 30 days.	Yesterday in Millville Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast over the next 30 days.
Tom Kasmer, 14-year-old Belmont, North Carolina, has a word that sounded like &quot;zistee&quot; during the competition yesterday.	National finalist spelling of 14 years attending school in Belmont, North Carolina, has a word that sounded like &quot;zistee&quot; during competition Wednesday.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources based in Canton, Ohio reliability this area Central Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.	Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources based in Canton, Ohio reliability this area Central Council, said investigators are studying the situation.
They found molecules that can only occur when ozone decomposes cholesterol.	And all samples containing molecules that can only occur when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
It was developed with the consultation of more than 300 leaders from academia, industry, government and the public.	The plan, called the NIH Roadmap was developed over 14 months with the help of more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
You can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to about 12 hours of music in a cubic centimeter.	And you can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or about 12 hours of music - in one cubic centimeter.
Earlier this month, RIM said it expects to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents per share.	Excluding legal fees and other charges that expects a loss of between 1 and 4 cents per share.
Budget analysis occurs when the negotiations between the Council and the Bloomberg administration are heated.	Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are moving at high speed.
Also at higher risk are those whose immune systems are suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	Also at higher risk they are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or drugs.
Local police are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.	Police Chief Francisco Ortiz says New Haven police treated the explosion as a criminal matter.
&quot;For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents,&quot; according to excerpts published yesterday.	&quot;For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents,&quot; Mrs. Clinton writes.
In 2001 and 2002, 40 transfers of 4 company accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion, prosecutors said.	Transfers of four of the 40 accounts in Beacon Hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	State University of Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
Before, they had defied a police order and shouted &quot;Allahu Akbar&quot; (God is greater) as Bashir walked to his seat in the courtroom heavily guarded.	Earlier, Bashir supporters defied a police order and shouted &quot;Allahu Akbar (God is greatest)&quot; as he walked to his seat.
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to the hospital and three were treated at the scene after the incident yesterday.	Five children, said spokesman James Howe aged between 4 and 17 years were taken to hospital with injuries of neck and chest, while three more were treated at the scene.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from shareholders of PowderJect.	Chiron has acceptances from the holders of almost 20 percent of PowderJect actions.
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.	This report was acquitted by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is about 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	About 31 percent of Americans are now obese - about 30 or more kilos on a healthy weight.
Coupling an American version of a hit British comedy, you will get the valuable time slot Thursday 21:30.	Coupling an American version of a successful British comedy, combined with friends on Thursday.
Coca shares closed New York Stock Exchange trading on Thursday at $ 44.01.	In the morning on the New York Stock Exchange, shares of Coca-Cola fell 34 cents to $ 43.67.
His body was found several weeks later in the green river.	August 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and mills are located in the Green River.
&quot;I feel that people who send these messages are in violation of all other rights to use their computers, and my rights,&quot; McKechnie said.	People who send these messages are in violation of my rights and all other rights to use the computer, &quot;McKechnie said.
&quot;Fighting continued until midnight,&quot; Ousmane Coulibaly western rebel commander told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	&quot;Looted and burned two villages completely,&quot; rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
Reading for July and August is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
&quot;Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction,&quot; Gates writes, we warming up for auction.	Usually unwanted - and often pornographic or fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, &quot;Gates writes.
The troops of the US Special Forces are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports oil from the second largest oil field in Colombia.	The troops of US special forces train Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
The retailer said he came to the decision after hearing the views of customers and partners.	The decision was made after &quot;listening to our customers and partners,&quot; Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as &quot;a new beginning as regards the courts, prosecution and police.&quot;	It is a new beginning in terms of the courts and Crown Prosecution are concerned, improving the work of criminal justice system.
We need a budget certifiable pay what you consume in mid-July or habit of schools open in September, Strayhorn said.	Texas lawmakers must close a budget gap of $ 185.9 million in mid-July or custom of schools open in September, Carole Keeton Strayhorn Comptroller said on Thursday.
Hartford shares rose $ 2.88 to $ 46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Hartford shares rose $ 2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $ 45.90 in midday trading.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the Supreme Court of the United States.
&quot;We believe that we are fully prepared to deploy machines [touchscreen] for the presidential primaries of 2004,&quot; said Gilles W. Burger, President of the State Board of Elections.	&quot;We believe that we are fully prepared to deploy the Diebold machines reviewed,&quot; said Gilles W. Burger, Chairman of the Board of Elections Maryland.
KKCS Country music station suspended two disc jockeys to play songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after a member of President George Bush criticized.	A radio station suspended two disc jockeys to lock in the studio and continuously playing songs of Dixie Chicks, violating the ban two months of the season music group.
Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.	The Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index rose 8.79 amplio.SPX points, or 0.96 percent, to 929.06.
Online edition of Business Week reported Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a deal as early as Monday.	BusinessWeek Online has learned that the solution could come as early as Monday, May 19.
Sovereign shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $ 15.68.	Sovereign shares closed the stock exchange in New York at $ 15.68, 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
Aspen Technology shares fell 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $ 2.48 on Nasdaq.	In afternoon trading, shares of Aspen were 89 cents or more than 27 percent to $ 2.33 per share.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal funding.	The 6-3 decision reinstates a bill libraries to install filters said or deliver federal money.
Also he offered the United States and Israel a way to resolve Mr. Arafat.	When the position of Prime Minister was established in the spring, offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
And Yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled &quot;Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: none without sin.&quot;	Notes to subheading this terrible parable on the &quot;American Masters&quot; series &quot;Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist. None without sin&quot;
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring cooperative Saturday, but said he had discovered nothing about what had happened to the children.	On Saturday, officials in California called Gehring cooperative - but said he has revealed nothing about what happened to the children.
Scribner&#39;s body was found floating in Portage Bay City, where he lived with his wife on a houseboat.	A kayaker found the body of Dr. Scribner floating near houseboat doctor in Portage Bay, where he was having lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice turn off the microphone, hedges speech drew to a close early.	After protesters rushed the stage and double power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
A passerby found Ben hidden along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon of 19, with his hands still but his free feet taped together.	A passerby found the hidden along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 19 on Thursday, with feet free but still stuck to his hands boy.
Analysts expect earnings of 27 cents per share on revenue of $ 17.7 billion, says Thomson first call.	Hewlett-Packard is getting to second quarter earnings of $ 659 million, or 29 cents per share, on revenue of $ 18 billion.
Doctors say they can die one or two children, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.	Doctors said one or both of the boys may die and if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	In the Northwest Medical Center in Springdale Washington County, a child is serious.
I began to mourn and scream, &#39;Why, what are you saying, why did you lie?&#39;	Gulping for air, I started to mourn and scream, &#39;What do you mean?
Sean Harrigan, president of the pension system for public employees in California, also suggested paring down board of 27 members of the NYSE, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, president of the pension system for public employees in California, also suggested peeled Board of 27 members of the NYSE and allocate more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
is also missing Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another car pulled off the highway.	The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
GlaxoSmithKline Plc the British company said this year could cut supplies to Canadian pharmacies that ship to the United States.	GlaxoSmithKline, the pharmaceutical UK, has said it could cut supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the United States.
The festival began yesterday a day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict on the government&#39;s proposed £ 4.1 billion merger.	The Competition Commission gave its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two major players ITV, Carlton and Granada.
The Swedish central bank was also widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday and meeting on Wednesday.	The Swedish central bank, in addition to meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut of up to half a percentage point on Thursday.
It was the third time in four years that forest fires forced the closure of the park.	For the third time in four years forest fires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
GM, maker of the world&#39;s largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.	Covering more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Virginia, parking lot June 25.	His SUV was found on June 25, abandoned without license plates in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
He said persisted and eventually allowed to repair his bike as he sat in the front seat of his car.	He said that eventually allowed him to fix her bike as she sat in her car and talked.
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-high 41 goals and 48 assists.
Daniels said he did not know what Bush have to say about him in presidential fund raising tonight is $ 2,000 per person.	Daniels said he does not know what Bush will say in receiving $ 2,000 per person tonight to raise money for his presidential reelection.
A three-judge panel of the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that its small size, limited use and legitimate secular purpose image.	A three-judge panel of the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
&quot;Tony does not feel good,&quot; coach Gregg Popovich said his spurs.	We are delighted to be up 3-2, &#39;&#39; said coach Gregg Popovich Wednesday.
Electronic Data Systems Corp., said Thursday that the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company related to its large contract with the US Navy documents.	In a regulatory, EDS said the SEC had requested information related to its beleaguered Outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
The company claims it is the largest selling Apple Xserve VAR single to date.	The company said it is the biggest selling XServes by a seller of Apple.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most are identified and described in the nineteenth century and the last in 1926.	Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of whom were appointed by mid-1800.
Brandeis officials said it was a &quot;very heartbreaking&quot; for the campus time.	&quot;This is an extremely harrowing for the whole community of the University of Brandeis time.
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and move economic indicators in the spotlight.	North America markets seized early gains on Monday, as earnings season begins to decline and economic indicators takes focus.
As the scheme dolphin, chaos has allowed foreign companies to participate in the registration and fishing operations without adequate monitoring or export controls.	internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up commercial logging and damaging fishing operations without adequate monitoring or export controls.
The total value of approximately $ 124 million, including convertibles, according to Corel.	Including convertibles, the estimated total value of the deal is $ 124 million, according to Corel.
The Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 stock index finished the fourth 120 points, an increase of 14 percent, the best performance for the broad market benchmark since 1998.	Index Standard and Poor&#39;s 500 stocks, a broad collection of stocks representing leading companies, yesterday ended its best quarter since the last three months of 1998.
The next court session will be when the three-judge panel announced its verdict in mid-February.	Three-judge panel of the court should give its verdict next February.
It started in the Super Bowl 1983, Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl.
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was a loss of 28 cents per share.	Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents per share.
&quot;I know of no pressure,&quot; said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	&quot;I know of no one who pushed anyone,&quot; Douglas Feith, undersecretary of defense for policy, said in a Pentagon report.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before the end after this year.	Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available in certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
Except one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents per share.	Except one-time items, earnings of 11 cents to 15 cents per share is expected.
But I question the motives of President deskbound, who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.	Byrd, speaking from the floor of the Senate, said he questioned &quot;the motives of President deskbound, who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.&quot;
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index.SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.	Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; was added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, to 1,647.94.
Instead, tickets jam Jersey went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.	Tickets available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated earlier statements that it was &quot;a victim of fraudulent action&quot;.	Grant Thornton was also states that the &quot;victim&quot; of fraud.
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian school of information management and systems Berkeley say that the production of information has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.	That task appealed to two masters of megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, teachers, school management information systems from the University of California-Berkeley.
My criterion is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so that the American people know.	My criterion is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored for the American people to know, &quot;said Mr. Shelby on NBC&#39;s&quot; Meet the Press. &quot;
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	No tumors were detected; on the contrary, the empty cavities and scar tissue were found in place.
Washington, however, said more is needed to prevent complaints filed first.	But the United States insisted he wanted to do more to avoid complaints are first, preferably to repeal the entire law.
After 26 hours of surgery and a year in advance, the boys were separated Sunday in the Children&#39;s Medical Center Dallas.	Egyptian Two-year-old twins born with their heads, together, have separated after 26 hours of surgery at Children&#39;s Medical Center Dallas.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections or appoint a temporary leader.	Mitzna and Ophir Pines Party Secretary agreed to convene the party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primary elections or a temporary designated leader will be held.
&quot;She was crying and scared,&quot; said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	&quot;She cried and was very scared, Yasin said.
The euro rose to US $ 1.1914 in Asian trade, before slipping to $ 1.1895 a bit we as trading opened in Europe.	The euro rose to $ 1.1914 in Asian trade, before slipping to $ 1.1884 in late European trading, up from $ 1.1857 late Monday.
Abbas said the summit would end the &quot;armed intefadeh,&quot; renounced &quot;terrorism against Israelis where they could be&quot; and alludes to disarm militants.	At the summit on Wednesday, Abbas pledged to end the &quot;armed intefadeh,&quot; he renounced &quot;terrorism against Israelis where they could be&quot; and alludes to disarm militants.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month, slipping to 6.1 percent, as well as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	The civilian unemployment rate improved slightly last month _ sliding to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid conflicting signals following on the economic health of the nation.
Moffitt said the results should be replicated in another study before testing individuals for the presence of long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Professor Moffitt said the results should be replicated before trying to get people testing to detect the presence of long or short versions of the gene.
Keker &quot;Frank Quattrone is innocent,&quot; he said in a statement.	Quattrone attorney John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
Commander Rod Gibbons, a spokesman for the Academy, said, &quot;The Academy is shocked and saddened.	Naval Academy spokesman Lieutenant Commander Rod Gibbons said: &#39;&#39; Today&#39;s announcement was a surprise.
The Compensation Committee directors prohibit the securities industry from sitting on it.	The exchange also said its compensation committee of five people consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
LendingTree shares rose $ 6.21, or 42 percent, to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier.	LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $ 6.31, to $ 21, more than doubled in the past two months.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency in conditions that have given rise to a new sentencing hearing.	Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor refused to intervene.
Q: I can buy right now prescription drug coverage?	Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
&quot;I think what they have been released for years,&quot; said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.	Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the film raises troubling questions.
Director George Tenet CIA said the two men were &quot;defined by dedication and courage.&quot;	&quot;[They] were defined by dedication and courage,&quot; director George Tenet CIA said.
Mandalay shares closed down eight cents to $ 29.42 before the earnings were announced.	Mandalay shares closed down 8 cents at $ 29.42 on Thursday.
But the decline in software license revenue, a measure that financial analysts watch closely, 21 percent to $ 107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on 21 July after telling authorities apparently shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents that he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the statement of the arrest warrant.
Prosecutors argued that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume the identity of Mr. Black.	Prosecutors maintain that dared murdered black to try to assume the identity of black.
That objection was cited by the Board of Directors of PeopleSoft rejected Oracle&#39;s offer.	PeopleSoft Board has recommended shareholders reject the offer.
Several black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with DNC Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 employees of minorities in the party headquarters.
&quot;These are dark times for our industry,&quot; said Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the organization in Geneva, said in a statement.	&quot;These are dark times for our industry,&quot; said Giovanni Bisignani Director General of the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association.
The other seven nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Poland and Portugal Spain.	Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen, flat on the session and at 1.2891 against, also flat Swiss franc.	The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY =, virtually flat on the session and 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF =, down 0.1%.
Germans account for over 40 percent of foreign visitors who come to Italy.	Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel reservations.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	Near a mosque in the northern city of Mosul, gunmen rebels also killed a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
Mr. Bush has tried to save their documents in the Library and Presidential Museum of his father, which would have remained secret for half a century.	In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Bush&#39;s efforts to host their documents in the Presidential Library his father, which would have remained secret for half a century.
In 1999, the building owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to improve fire protection to a thickness of 1 {inches.	NIST found that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to improve fire protection in a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
It is also a strategic victory for overture, as Knight Ridder had the choice of Google services firm.	It is also a strategic victory for overture, as Knight Ridder had been using Google advertising services.
In the pre-implementation weeks, several Florida officials received threatening anonymous letters.	Several Florida officials related to the case received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
This is integrated with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work on supported versions of Java, Visual C # and Visual Basic. net.	IBM said the Rational products are also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers working in Java, Visual C # and Visual Basic. net.
Civil hearing can be Freeman, on the surface, about driving license.	Freeman said not having a driver&#39;s license has been a burden.
The demonstrators had been calling for an end to the establishment of hardliners and death by Supreme Leader Khamenei.	The protesters denounced the country&#39;s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei uncompromising.
Today confirmed the woman&#39;s age Tuesday and said she went on vacation with his family.	Today confirmed the woman&#39;s age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with his family, but is expected to return this week.
BOSTON Catholic Archdiocese of Boston has offered $ 55 million to settle more than 500 claims of clergy sex abuse, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	The American Catholic Archdiocese of Boston has offered $ 55 million to settle more than 500 claims of sexual abuse involving priests.
3 {hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers and media inquiries.	Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers and media inquiries.
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14% from 4.18 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT = RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
But he is the only candidate who has won endorsements national workforce to date, on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him to pick up his joint 11.	But he is the only candidate who has won national labor developments so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $ 13.09.	Oracle shares also rose on the news, rose 15 cents to $ 13.51 on Nasdaq.
US futures pointed to a lackluster start operations on Tuesday, with investors ready to get your first taste of quarterly earnings.	US stock markets had a slow start on Tuesday, with investors ready to get your first taste of quarterly earnings.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias the.	A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
Singapore is and 12-largest trading partner of the United States, with two-way trade totaling more than $ 34 billion.	Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th largest trading partner of the US, with trading volume of $ 33.4 billion last year.
The dollar was last at $ 1.1149 to the euro, near its highest level since April 30.	The dollar pushed as high as $ 1.1115 to the euro in early trading, extending Tuesday rally one percent to reach its highest level since April 30.
Broader stock indicators also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	Broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Jim Furyk held his first day of parents as a father to win his first major championship golf.	His first day of the father as a father, his first major as a champion.
They passed the medical, educational and research Foundation limited company in 2001 to Lemelson Syndia.	It is said that patents were assigned to Syndia &quot;supposedly&quot; in 2001 by the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation limited company.
The SIA said that the DRAM market is forecast to grow 2.9 percent to $ 15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $ 22.5 billion in 2004.	The market of the Americas is down 2.1 percent to $ 30.6 billion in 2003 and then grow 15.7 percent to $ 35.4 billion in 2004.
Morrill&#39;s wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson sister-in service.	Morrill widow of service, Ellie, sister of Bondeson embrace as people sobbed and comforted her.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours researching al-Bayoumi.	Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours researching al-Bayoumi.
Attorney Calvin Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said that his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Hollins Jr.&#39;s lawyer, Thomas Royce, has said his client had no ties to the company that owned and operated E2.
The single currency rose to 135.13 yen as, matching a record hit shortly after the launch of the euro in January 1999.	The single currency rose to 135.26 as yen, its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
A woman from New Castle County has become the first patient in Delaware to contracting West Nile virus this year, the state Health Department reported.	A 62-year-old West Babylon has contracted West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
Mr. Grassley and Baucus Mr. reject any disparity in drug benefits.	Grassley and Baucus said he had rejected that approach in its plan.
It also reaffirmed its desire to peacefully resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis.	But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
In the quarter last year, the steelmaker posted a profit of $ 16.2 million, or 15 cents per share on sales of $ 1.14 billion.	In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $ 16.2 million, or 15 cents per share.
PG &amp; E Corp. shares rose 39 cents, or 2.6 percent to $ 15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	Shares of PG &amp; E gained 24 cents to $ 15.44 in trading Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.	Nasdaq technology shoelaces together Composite.IXIC 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
&quot;This decision is clearly incorrect,&quot; FTC Chairman Timothy Muris of the said in a written statement.	The decision is &quot;clearly wrong,&quot; said FTC Chairman Tim Muris.
More than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack, he said a rebel was captured.	A rebel captured, said 2,100 fighters had participated in the offensive.
&quot;It was blatant intimidation to keep people on the reservation,&quot; said a Republican who attended but declined to be named.	&quot;It was a blatant attempt at intimidation,&quot; said a Republican lawmaker who attended the meeting.
No charges were announced, but the court were reported on Monday.	A court statement said the FBI were on Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.	&quot;It&#39;s a woman with blond hair wearing a Cartier watch on his wrist,&quot; said the source.
The composite index technology heavy Nasdaq stock market added 14.17 points or 0.94 percent to 1,517.05.	The Nasdaq composite, full of technology stocks, while index was around 18 points.
Paul Themba Nyathi, MDC spokesman, said the Avenues clinic was attacked because it was opposition supporters.	Paul Themba Nyathi MDC spokesman said the clinic was attacked because Avenues was driving opposition supporters.
Kyi, says a UN envoy, as Japan is added to the growing international pressure to stop saying its considerable economic aid unless Suu Kyi is released.	Japan added yesterday to the growing international pressure on Burma threatens to stop its considerable financial aid, unless the military government had freed pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
He says he can seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	&quot;This proposal is modest compared to the space program and may seem unrealistic because little effort has been devoted to it.
But the FBI did not follow the al-Bayoumi - although he had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	But the FBI did not follow the al-Bayoumi - despite receiving prior information was a secret agent of Saudi Arabia, the report said.
&quot;It&#39;s going to happen,&quot; said Jim Santangelo, president of the union of truckers Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	&quot;That really affects businesses, big time,&quot; said Jim Santangelo, president of Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
Wal-Mart, Kohl&#39;s Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street expectations modest.	Wal - Mart, Kohl&#39;s Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. reported May sales that fell below Wall Street expectations modest.
He was released on bail of $ 3 million and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	After posting bail of $ 3 million, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
Gartner analysts said companies still do not feel confident enough to upgrade corporate PC.	Moreover, companies not feel safe enough to replace major parts, the analyst firm said.
Mr. Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was &quot;in the hands of the negotiators&quot;.	&quot;The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators,&quot; Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television Sunday.
As of Tuesday, about 250 health workers were quarantined.	In addition, 6,800 people were quarantined and thousands of health workers in quarantine work.
&quot;Both of these guys are wonderful physical condition now,&quot; he said during a press conference at the hospital.	&quot;Both of these guys are wonderful physical condition now,&quot; Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at Montefiore Children&#39;s Hospital said.
Brian Brabazon, his son said angry but then turn around and friend of his taunters.	Your child gets angry, said her mother, but then turn around and friend of his taunters.
The composite index technology heavy Nasdaq stock market added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.	The Nasdaq composite, full of technology stocks, while index was around 18 points.
The Nasdaq Composite Index had plunged technology laces 0.08 of a point to 1,646.	Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; was added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, to 1,647.94.
Yes he filed yesterday in the Supreme Court of the County of New York in Manhattan.	The lawsuit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
He said the jury Stubbs is a &quot;cold, calculating murderer&quot;.	Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, &quot;a cold, calculating murderer&quot;.
Also, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> He slid 11.01 / 32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT = RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14% from 4.18 percent.
A seventh victim, a woman, died on Tuesday night in the burn unit of Children&#39;s Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A seventh person, a 21-year-old was in critical condition in the burn unit of Akron Children&#39;s Hospital.
The men were immediately transferred to nearby Botswana on a chartered flight of Air Malawi, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.	The men were taken to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi, officials said.
He will be paid $ 395,000 per year, from the current salary of $ 361,400 Atkinson.	Dinas be paid $ 395,000 per year; Atkinson&#39;s salary is $ 361,400.
On the surface of the cell, the foreign components are recognized by other cells that then realizes is infected and kill him.	Foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill.
Instead, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.	In return we expect North Korea to renounce nuclear weapons.
&quot;We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, led by the United States,&quot; said Moqtada al-Sadr.	&quot;We condemn the Council of US-led administration,&quot; Sadr said in a sermon at the Kufa mosque near Najaf burning.
Sendmail said the system can even be configured to allow use only business.	The product can be instructed to allow only business use, according to Sendmail.
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of a heart attack.	Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
Work that exploits unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	Bedspread iDefense both argue that the exploit to work effectively against Windows 2000 Service Pack 3 and 4 systems.
Further the curve, the 10-year note US10YT = RR reference shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	Earlier Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
Technology stocks were hurt by a bitter prediction of Sun Microsystems, which was seen as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.	A sour prediction of Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
Loral stopped trading yesterday; the stock closed Monday at $ 3.01.	The stock market in New York yesterday suspended trading in Loral, which closed at $ 3.01 on Friday.
Shares of Coke rose 6 cents to $ 44.42 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange in the afternoon.	Shares of Coke fell 26 cents to close at $ 44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Ernst &amp; Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the charges.	Ernst &amp; Young has denied the claims and called the SEC &quot;irresponsible&quot; recommendations.
military action or bribery on a large scale can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	In fact, Wolfowitz admitted on Saturday that military action or &quot;large-scale bribery&quot; solve the problem.
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped get the kids off the bus, Wood said.	At the scene of the accident, the driver was &quot;was covered in blood&quot; but it helped get the kids, Wood said.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index &lt;.SPX&gt; was 9.69 points or 0.98 percent to 994.53.	Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
Knox County Health Department is following the national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention protocol contain the infection.	The Health Department spokesman said the department is following the Centers for Disease Control protocol disease.
Guidant shares plunged in trading both in and outside the stock exchange in New York before a high news was imposed after noon.	Guidant shares fell 5.3 percent to $ 40.92 in afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange.
&quot;Three weeks in October,&quot; it goes on sale on Monday, nearly a year after the shooting began sniper Washington, DC-area.	Moose book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings began in the Washington area.
The rollover fatalities accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, says the agency.	The rollover fatalities accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
Based on an independent survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	Department analysts working discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
The pound also advanced against the dollar, which peaked just three years at $ 1.6789.	The British pound was last flexed his strength against the dollar, up 1 percent to $ 1.6672.
The Chancellor Joel Klein said the offensive schools by the highest standards and accountability &quot;is paying off.&quot;	The Chancellor Joel Klein, schools said he was pleased by the results.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	The study also found that skin cancer almost tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
A witness told Anatolia that he saw the plane on fire while still in the air.	A witness told the Anatolia news agency he saw the plane in flames in the air.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of September 29.	Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the trial date on September 29.
While opposition parties have welcomed the Cabinet decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not adjusted to chair an implementation plan.	Minister Manto Tshabalala Msimang health is unfit to chair a deployment plan antiretroviral treatment, according to some opposition parties.
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue traders song next month.	That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has something to say about it.
Director of marketing official overseeing the purchase and development of merchandise, marketing decide the direction of the company, or basically what should stay.	He or she decides the direction of marketing of the company, or basically what should stay.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, not comment on Friday.	The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not return several calls seeking comment immediately.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index &lt;.SPX&gt; eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, to 990.94.	The Nasdaq composite index was 25.36 laces technology points, or 1.53 percent, to 1,628.26.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
On July 10, a 32 Singaporean police was sent to Baghdad.	On July 32 Singaporean police were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police and returned home last month.
The euro <EUR=> It rose 0.67 percent against the dollar to $ 1.1784 after rising to a maximum of three months before the session above $ 1.18.	In early US trade, the euro <EUR=> fell 0.6 percent to $ 1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $ 1.1860.
Previously, I reported a profit of $ 12 million, or 10 cents per share, for that period.	Previously, I reported a small profit of $ 12 million, or breakeven on a per share basis, for the period.
The previous Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected Oracle&#39;s unsolicited offer.	Thursday morning Board PeopleSoft rejected Oracle takeover offer.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the national body of militant students, supports the protests, the NLC called in defiance of a court order ban them.	A coalition of campaign groups, including the national body of militant students, supports the action and is mobilizing protests.
The company highlights the incorporation of .NET and J2EE support your application (EAE) with the new central business environment.	The company is also adding .net and J2EE support their development toolkit enterprise application environment, Sapp said.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.	Frist proposed a process which would gradually fewer votes to overcome a filibuster end prevention votes on judicial confirmation messages.
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has accumulated a record 45 accidents with 393 deaths.	It has a checkered safety record, including 47 accidents resulting in 668 deaths.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth installment of the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, a gardener high school in Florida, was selected sixth by the puppies.
He spoke of Glover in a press conference that includes about 20 relatives of the victims.	About 20 relatives of victims were invited to the press conference.
Four other men were also charged in June and have pleaded guilty.	Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other charges.
Both documents are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The federal and local governments remained largely closed in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools and much of the transportation network in the region was delayed.	In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, the federal and local governments were closed, like schools and many businesses.
Hormone replacement therapy combining estrogen and progestin doubles a woman&#39;s risk of breast cancer, she found a British study of more than 1 million women.	A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
Surprisingly gave an impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, which announced his support yesterday.	On Tuesday, he picked up the backing of the United Steelworkers of America.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was in force on 1 October.	The FTC 50 million registered phone numbers from the list, which was to take effect on October 1.
&quot;And from 8 to 10 seconds gave him.	&quot;I was in the water for about eight seconds.
But Adora Obi Nweze, president of the state NAACP, said the state just tried to show its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider murder.	Adora Obi Nweze, president of the state NAACP, said the state has refused to consider murder.
WHO experts in Hebei not how many cases were in rural areas said.	Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
The activists say they fear that the meeting is an attempt to push corporate farming GM crops in countries hungry.	Instead, they fear that the conference is an attempt by corporate interests of agriculture and biotechnology to push into new markets.
His contract expires at 12:01 am on Wednesday instead of 12:01 am on Sunday, said Rian Wathen, chief organizer for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	&quot;It has outraged members,&quot; said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
The Nasdaq composite index, technology cordones.IXIC Rosa 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average jumped 194.14 average.DJI points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1% a day earlier.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	OGE Energy Corp. 38,000 customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
Now, American husband of Blanca, 63 years old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder charge in February issued by the Philippine government, which says it is the prime suspect.	Now, Blanca&#39;s husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk Tracy, faces a murder charge issued by the Philippine government in February.
Barbini comments came on Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	US Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman of the three days starts Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Yesterday, shares closed 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, to $ 54.32.	Amazon shares closed at $ 54.32 yesterday in Nasdaq stock market, up 29 cents.
Prince is replacing Sanford &quot;Sandy&quot; Weill, who will remain Chairman of Citigroup.	Prince, who heads the corporate and Citigroup&#39;s global investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
Operating revenues were $ 1.45 billion, an increase on last year&#39;s result of $ 1.38 billion.	Operating income rose to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.38 billion last year.
spot gold was quoted at $ 367.90 / 368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, they having marched up $ 369.50 - a level not seen since 10 February.	spot gold was quoted at $ 358.65 / 359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having hit as high as $ 359.25 - a level not seen since 25 February.
In Canada, the booming dollar mark will be in focus again as he tries to remain above 75 percent (United States).	In Canada, rising dollar it was in focus again as fighting and only managed to stay above the 75 percent mark (United States).
But the judges ruled that the police supervisor had repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights to do so.	But the judges ruled that the police supervisor had repeatedly questioned Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
Caracas estáen not the first faith-based program in the Florida prison system.	But Caracas is the first prison all to take that route.
&quot;I do not wish to be present during this witness,&quot; said Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami of.	&quot;Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness,&quot; Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge that he was returned to his cell.
The Dow Jones industrial average blue-chip provided 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive sessions.	Dow industrial average rose 18.25 Jones.DJI points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
Center&#39;s president, Joseph Torsella, was hit in the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.	National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
The report ranked 45 large companies based in employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.	Of those three Dillard only responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
&quot;I do not know if the person I&#39;m talking now may end up in being someone else at another time you can not follow the rules,&quot; Parrish said.	&quot;I do not know if the person I&#39;m talking now may end up being someone else,&quot; Parrish said.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer of the murder charge, authorities said.	Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
They are detained for immigration violations while the incident is investigated.	Both men are arrested for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
Approved in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have told is illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light.	Approved in 1999 but never enacted, the law would have prevented smoking bar and restaurant lighting patterns, but private clubs exempt from regulation.
The transaction will grant Handspring shareholders 0.09 of a share of Palma - and no shares of PalmSource - for each common share of Handspring.	Under the terms of the transaction and following the spin-off of PalmSource proposed, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA&#39;s counterpart in Canada.	The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
The first trial of a suspect in the Bali nightclub bombings last year that killed more than 200 people in Indonesia, began today, reported Sky News.	One of the main suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali were tried on Monday amid tight security.
French retirees will increase from one-fifth to one-third of the population in 2040.	By 2040, retirees will represent a third of the population to a fifth of today.
Iraqi police opened fire in central Baghdad today after protesters stormed a police station demanding they said they had paid bribes for jobs.	On Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at Iraqi police officers opened fire in central Baghdad, police said.
The Dow Jones industrial average &lt;.DJI&gt; added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, to 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.	The Dow Jones industrial average &lt;.DJI&gt; rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
During the same quarter last year, EDS declare a profit of $ 354 million, or 72 cents per share.	EDS reported a loss for the first quarter of $ 126 million, or 26 cents per share.
Microsoft fell by 5% before the opening to $ 27.45 from Thursday is about $ 28.91.	Microsoft shares slid 4.7 percent in trading after hours to $ 27.54 a $ 28.91 Nasdaq close.
&quot;This is extraordinarily fast,&quot; said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	Actually going to break record sales of Velcade this year, &quot;said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	The rock was first observed by the Lincoln near earth asteroid research program, also known as linear.
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in the area of ​​Liberia despite the peace agreement.	Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in the area of ​​Liberia despite a peace agreement.
Microsoft has received a patent for a function in a user when the person they are communicating with is to introduce an IM message alerts.	Microsoft has obtained a patent on a popular instant messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
Hyundai O&#39;Neill who will succeed is unclear.	There is no clear successor to O&#39;Neill in Hyundai.
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.	He urged employees to &quot;avoid complacency&quot; and &quot;change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual&quot;.
The arrests revealed new details of the investigation four months at home Selenski Mount Olivet Road.	Kerkowski and Fassett bodies were unearthed in Monte Oliveto Selenski way home on June 5.
We intend to vigorously appeal and still expect ultimately be vindicated.	We believe this was bad law, and still hope ultimately be vindicated.
&quot;These despicable acts were committed by murderers whose only faith is hate,&quot; Bush said, adding that the United States will find the murderers.	These despicable acts were committed by murderers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the murderers and learn the meaning of American justice.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under 16 to have sex.	In the opinion, Kline said it is illegal for such young children to have sex.
The transaction will expand sales revenue Callebaut its consumer products business to 45 percent of 23 percent.	The transaction will expand revenues from sales of its consumer products business Callebaut by about 45 percent to one-third of total sales.
Indonesian army has often been accused of human rights abuses during the battle for independence GAM, charges generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing violations of rights.	Indonesian military has been accused of human rights abuses during his previous battles with GAM, he has generally denied the charges.
Iraq&#39;s economy was devastated by years of UN sanctions over 1990 former President Saddam Hussein occupation of Kuwait and the US-led war to oust ended in April.	Iraq&#39;s economy broke under former President Saddam Hussein and the US-led war to oust ended in April.
One had also referred to the refugees of the word in an English / Turkish dictionary.	A man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary noting that the word &quot;refugee&quot;.
Most of the funds, about $ 65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	Most of the bill - $ 64.7 billion - is for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Under the US Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, voting in foreign alliances.	The House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress not vote on treaties.
Mahoy Dolores, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colorado, is someone who can be helped by pending legislation in Congress.	Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the kind of person who can be helped by pending legislation in Congress.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal survey of coca.	That federal investigation is separate from an informal investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Advancing issues surpassed decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Decreased problems disadvantaged advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the Academy, says the report.	There were 659 women enrolled in the Academy at the time of the survey.
&quot;It is a national concern that will touch almost all Americans, Abraham said.	The impact of the shortage of natural gas &quot;touches virtually all Americans,&quot; said yesterday the Secretary of Energy Spencer Abraham.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first to pixel-perfect pin-ups.	A new beauty contest begins in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia status of sex symbol.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of women smoke.	Nevada is where most women smoke, 28 percent.
Consensus estimate of analysts by Thomson First Call was a loss of $ 2.08 per share, excluding one-time items.	The estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call was a loss of $ 2.75 per share.
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the standings with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	Lee Janzen, tied atop the standings with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) 269.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former CEO Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to obtain higher for sicker patients Medicare payments.
Boeing Board is also expected to decide at its meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines December.	It is widely expected to give formal approval Bair to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
Bush said the resistance forces hostile to the US presence &quot;ganas ... the conditions are such that there is and we can attack.	There are some who feel like the conditions are such that there is and we can attack.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.	That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Defense attorneys had said that a change of venue was necessary because massive publicity had tainted the jury against his client.	Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: they argued that massive publicity had tainted the jury against his client.
Founded in 1996, LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders and brokers.	LendingTree matches borrowers over the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
Most taxpayers will surprise tax cuts of between $ 4 and $ 11 a week from July 1.	9 Million surprise taxpayers received tax cuts Australia between $ 3 and $ 11 Treasurer Peter Costello week last night.
MONY shares were gaining $ 2.57, or 9%, to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading Instinet.	MONY shares rose 8.76 percent to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.	The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the driver could not pay attention to red lights.
Tuition at private four-year colleges averaged $ 19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	For the current academic year, tuition at public universities averaged $ 4,694, to nearly $ 600 last year.
The state unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent from 6.7 percent in August revised.	The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, nearly one percentage point since August.
Diana was at its lowest level when he wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming that there was a plot to kill her.	Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 alleging that it was a plot to kill a great success and gave him as safe.
We have also installed security lights and police have swept the reasons for booby traps.	Security lights have also been installed in a barn near the front door.
But US troops will not shrink to mount attacks and attack enemies when their locations can be found.	But US troops will not shrink mounting raids in places of their enemies that can be located.
Moore had no immediate comment on Tuesday.	Moore had no immediate response and Tuesday.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody on August 8.	On August 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered Parker placed in custody.
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a waiver.	Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter on Friday to President Leslie Moonves CBS television.
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: &quot;The steps that the Iranians claim they have taken regarding the capture of al-Qaida are insufficient.&quot;	&quot;The steps that the Iranians claim they have taken regarding the capture of al-Qaeda are insufficient.
Dotson was arrested on Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.	Dotson, 21, was later charged with murder of Dennehy.
The Bank also said their offer was subject to the agreement of the high banks of Drax, senior bond holders and coverage by September 30, 2003.	The offer is also subject to Goldman signed an agreement with the high banks of Drax, senior bondholders and banks coverage by September 30, he said.
The results were released at Tuesday&#39;s meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and published in New England Journal of Medicine on Thursday.	The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow&#39;s edition of The New England Journal of Medicine.
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas disagreed.
The kingdom has already paid the city $ 34 million in fines for not meeting the first round of employment goals.	The Kingdom has paid $ 34 million in fines for failing to meet employment targets.
Shelley said Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	Signature released Shelley office account late Friday and had reported those counting 575,926 signatures so far counties.
Bush wanted to &quot;see a landing in the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing, plane&quot; White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	On Tuesday, before Byrd&#39;s speech, Fleischer said Bush wanted &#39;&#39; to see a landing in the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing aircraft.
Standing with reporters and photographers 150 meters from the gates of the prison was Brent Newbury, president of the charity of the patrolmen Rockland County.	&quot;All this is a farce,&quot; infuriated Brent Newbury, president of the charity of the patrolmen Rockland County.
They were brutally beaten, and it really is a miracle that Quattrone is the only deceased in this case.	&quot;It&#39;s a miracle that Quattrone was the only deceased in this case,&quot; said sax.
&quot;Gloves,&quot; UNIFI official Rob O&#39;Neill said.	UniFi official Rob O&#39;Neill said: &quot;The gloves are off.
Pratt &amp; Whitney had said that 75 percent of engine parts can be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt &amp; Whitney had said that if he won the contract 75 percent of engine parts can be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
Editors Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.	Editors Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
The Trade Commission would have been a significant obstacle to such treatment.	The Trade Commission of New Zealand Westpac had given no indication if it had approved the deal.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee intend to seek the death penalty.	He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
&quot;They have been in stores for more than six weeks,&quot; Carney said.	The quarter usually stay in stores six to eight weeks, &quot;said Carney.
&quot;Let&#39;s show we will not stop,&quot; said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.	&quot;The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we will not surrender,&quot; said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come. &quot;	Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of administration of PeopleSoft, Oracle intends to &quot;fully support PeopleSoft products and customers&quot; for many years to come.
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: none without sin (Wed.	Notes to subheading this terrible parable on the &quot;American Masters&quot; series &quot;Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist. None without sin&quot;
The package includes increases sales and city taxes.	Also it opposes tax increases sales and personnel in the package.
Empresa world&#39;s largest software company, said acknowledged the difficulty of multiple patches posed for companies and prepared to make it easier for them to apply the updates.	Empresa world&#39;s largest software company, said acknowledged the difficulty of multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
But lower prices has remained below 30 percent, year by year during the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.	McArthur told internetnews.com moderate declines and remained below 30 percent over the previous year for the last two quarters.
Putin praised Saudi Arabia as &#39;&#39; one of the most important Muslim nations.	Before the meeting, Putin said Russia considers Saudi Arabia a key Muslim state.
The songs are on sale for 99 cents each or $ 9.99 for an album.	The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $ 9.95.
&quot;Certainly what we know suggests that we should take seriously what they are saying,&quot; he added.	&quot;We do not know all [but] I know suggests that we should take seriously what they are saying,&quot; he said.
Under Mexican law, bounty hunter is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
Gillette shares rose $ 1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $ 33.95 in the operations of New York Stock Exchange in the afternoon.	Gillette shares closed down 45 cents to $ 33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $ 21.49, 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Tampa-based actions Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $ 44.50, $ 1.78, or 4.2%, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Dow Jones industrial rose more than 140 points above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	Dow Jones industrial briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December. &quot;
The announcements were made in the dissemination of International Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.	The presentation on Monday, but the announcement was made on Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
Appellate courts across the country have issued conflicting rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and prohibit others.	The lower courts have split on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some cases and not in others.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from missile attacks, national security officials said on Tuesday.	The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart missile attacks against US commercial aircraft.
Tamil parties blamed the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these murders.	The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
Two of the Bretons, Sandy Mitchell of Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	Sandy Mitchell, 44, of Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
He urged patience eager for the service, which is designed to block 80 percent of telemarketing calls Americans.	The free service was originally intended to block 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
He was arrested Tuesday at a tire shop Northwest Atlanta after a nationwide hunt.	In Atlanta, Georgia, was arrested Monday by police acting on a track.
Jordan Green, a private attorney prelate said he had no comment.	O&#39;Brien attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Mr. Hadley, who has a new partner and his son, said: &quot;I am absolutely delighted.	In a statement issued by his lawyers, Mr. Hadley said: &quot;I am absolutely delighted with the result of the process.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains, threatened by the fire of 2 weeks old that had blackened 70,000 hectares.	The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by resurgent Aspen fire.
&quot;We will not allow credit card lynching happen,&quot; said Maj representative Owens (D-Brooklyn).	&quot;We do not want to wait and see your credit card lynching take place,&quot; he said.
The effort is the latest effort by the Bush administration to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.	July 10 - the latest effort by the Bush administration to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in programs to combat drugs.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Commercial versions of kernel 2.6 major Linux distributors are still months.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index.SPX had advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	The Nasdaq.IXIC composite index off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, to 1,645.66.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested in 61 stores in 21 states.	But officials later revised the figures and said they had been arrested about 250 in about 60 stores.
&quot;This deal makes sense for both companies,&quot; Halla said in a prepared statement.	Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal makes sense for both companies.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	57 are of those who signed the letter, the senators, including 24 Republicans.
The shares represent more than half of 115.9 million shares that Turner held in late April, according to Bloomberg data.	The sale represents approximately 52 percent of the 115.9 million shares that Mr. held in late April.
Five more human West Nile virus cases reported on Wednesday the Health Department Mesa County.	From this week, 103 human cases of West Nile virus in 45 counties had reported to the Department of Health.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by crossing the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Manuel and his group entered the United States in the same way, thousands of people do every day, walking down the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young may file a response and request a hearing before a panel of NASD.	The analyst, as they spend Merrill may request a hearing before a panel of NASD.
His words are supported by Chinese-language portals.	Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the website said.
The President began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.	Bush, however, also chastised the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed at least 29 people, including a number of Americans.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, but does not include popular shows like &quot;All Things Considered&quot; and &quot;Morning Edition.&quot;	Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, pooh-poohed one treatment on XM it does not include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
&quot;Very proud of the citizens of this state I&#39;m&quot; Gov. John Baldacci said after the votes were counted Tuesday&#39;s referendum.	&quot;I am very proud of the citizens of this state,&quot; said Governor John Baldacci, an enemy of casino.
Among three candidates, Schwarzenegger is winning the battle for independents and crossover voters.	Schwarzenegger collected more independent and crossover voters Bustamante.
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation on April 23.	Dittemore announced plans to resign on April 23.
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison for a conviction of bank robbery.	Selenski had served nearly seven years in prison for bank robbery.
Maddox, 87, broke two ribs when he fell 10 days ago in an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, broke two ribs earlier this month when he fell into an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by some Republicans as &#39;&#39; politicize &#39;&#39; the report said.	Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
In 2002, he took over Linksys Cisco Systems as the leading provider of wireless equipment, 14.1 percent of income.	Rolfe said Linksys Cisco Systems took over last year as the leading provider of WLAN equipment.
Schools that do not meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to the transfers.	Schools that do not meet testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
Alteration of medicine has been so lucrative that many of the detainees lived in houses of millions of dollars.	Handling of medicine apparently was so lucrative, researchers, many of the suspects lived in houses of millions of dollars they said.
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $ 1.70 per share.	Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast earnings of $ 1.69 per share.
Initial autopsy reports show died from dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	Mr. Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the justice system of the United States.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone, except members of the immediate family, Pentagon officials said.	Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
Smugglers in a van chased by an SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	People in a van opened fire on a van and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
The trial, 125 witnesses, could continue until the beginning of 2004.	The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses on Friday.
The teams reportedly were located in the United States, Canada and South Korea.	PCs are scattered throughout the United States, Canada and South Korea.
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000 and Windows Server 2003.	Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
The additional contribution brings the total US food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tons.	60,000 tons donation brings the total US contributions for the year to 100,000.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States now requires the EU to end its ban.	The Union banned the import of genetically modified foods in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	Vanderpool products will be released within five years, he said.
Annika Sorenstam gets his first chance to try that goal this week at LPGA McDonald&#39;s Championship.	The appetizer eaten, Annika Sorenstam moves to the input LPGA Championship this week at the McDonald&#39;s.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index.SPX had won 3 points, or 0.39 percent, to 924.	Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
According to the 2000 census, Long Beach Hispanic population was on 35.8 percent.	According to the US Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent census figures April 2000.
Authorities appealed to public to Friday ahead and offer what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shooting that killed three people outside convenience stores.	The authorities saw the public yesterday to help in solving the sniper-style shooting death of three people outside Charleston-convenience stores.
Actor Noah Wyle, who played Dr. John Carter from the creation of shows in 1994, extended his contract with the show of the 2004-2005 season.	Noah Wyle, who played Dr. John Carter from the series launched in 1994, has signed an extension of one year its contract with the producer Warner Bros. TV.
Cisco has signed similar agreements with AT &amp; T Corp. Eustaquio Manuel, SBC Communications Inc. and Sprint Corp SBC.N FON.N.	Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT &amp; T and Sprint Communications.
WHO says the latter case does not fit the profile of SARS and is not a public health problem.	WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit their profile of SARS and was &quot;not a concern of international public health.&quot;
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking his own life on April 20, 1999.	Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at school.
Muqtada al-Sadr &quot;We condemn the Council of US-led administration,&quot; he said in a sermon at a mosque.	&quot;We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, led by the United States,&quot; said Moqtada al-Sadr.
HP comes second (27 percent to $ 2.9 billion, only 0.4 percent).	HP fell to second place with sales of servers grew 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.	In a statement distributed today, 28 non-governmental organizations Chechens said they might boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
The state&#39;s population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the US Census.	Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state&#39;s population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	Bryant, 24, has been charged with rape of crime.
San Pablo President and CEO Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.	Jay Fishman, 51, President and CEO of San Pablo, will be the chief executive of the combined company.
US forces recently captured some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating.	The third armored cavalry regiment recently captured about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
Instead, Weida decided that the case Meester on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court martial.	Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors.
That compares with a profit of $ 1 million or balance, $ 1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.	Total revenues for the second quarter were $ 1.48 billion, up 7% from $ 1.39 billion in the same period last year.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.	The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
Rosenthal declined to comment on the situation Garrett Tuesday but said in a statement: &quot;We had a big contract negotiation.	The show&#39;s creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, joked in a statement: &quot;We had a big contract negotiation.
With the power workers heading to work Friday morning state.	Pataki said if power is restored, state workers to work Friday morning.
Bolivia army fought to stop the columns of protesters streamed into the capital of food shortages on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the spread of the President.	Bolivia army fought to stop a column of miners of dynamite in hand streaming in the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as an extension of a popular uprising against the president.
The Nasdaq fell 1.3% during the month, set a streak of seven months.	The Nasdaq is about 0.4 percent during the month, on track to break a streak of seven months of gains.
The report was found on October 23, tucked into a folder three old rings unrelated to the investigation.	The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
US troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.	US troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after his convoy was attacked, the military said Sunday.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner and copier for $ 89.	Personal A920 All-in-One Dell is an entry-level device that combines the functions of printer, scanner and copier for $ 89.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it would temporarily close its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearing for the safety of operating personnel in Iraq, announced it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Palestine Solidarity Campaign Ireland, of which Mr. O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	Palestine Solidarity Campaign Ireland, of which he was a member, said it was investigating a student exchange project.
Glover said the murderer used a &quot;peculiar&quot; slipknot on the ligature used to strangle some of the victims.	Glover said the murderer used a &#39;&#39; unique slipknot, &#39;&#39; including a coaxial cable and an extension cord to strangle some of the victims.
He said Jane Doe lawyers asked Verizon to withhold his name because he was planning to defy the summons.	Jane Doe, decides to fight the subpoena, he asked Verizon to hide his name.
&quot;He raised on their personal radar screen this past week, I gave my speech and was quite supportive, he said.	&quot;He raised on their personal radar screen last week, and had to leave my speech.
In September, a researcher Singapore 27 year old contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.	In one case in August, a laboratory worker 27 years old in Singapore developed SARS.
A number below 50 indicates contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a previous number that indicates expansion.	A reading above 50 indicates growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.
That has filed a lawsuit in an attempt to block the removal of the monument of the Ten Commandments of the building.	Supporters asked a federal court on Monday to block the removal of a monument of the Ten Commandments from the Alabama Judicial Building.
Britz had won $ 3.77 million in salary, bonuses and other compensation and Kinney won $ 3.76 million.	Johnston made $ 5.8 million in salary and bonuses in 2001 as President and as a part-time advisor won $ 1 million in 2002.
That truck was discovered in the area of ​​Campbells Creek, fits that description, Morris said.	a black van was also observed in the area of ​​Campbells Creek, Morris said.
But in the first 30 seconds after young he entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	But in the first 30 seconds of the fight, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, sister Stacy Young, he said.
FCC Chairman Michael Powell and colleagues at Wednesday&#39;s hearing.	FCC chief Michael Powell presides hearing on Monday.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 percent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq composite index was 0.4 percent higher at 1,986.97.	On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 percent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 percent at 1,995.1.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the additional protocol introducing such inspections if the ban on the import of Western technology civil nuclear rises.	Tehran has made clear it will only sign the protocol if the ban on imports of nuclear technology for peaceful purposes western stands.
Congress passed similar restrictions twice before only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	Congress passed similar bills twice, but then President Clinton vetoed twice.
&quot;But rather I am talking about low-level high standards.&quot;	&quot;I&#39;d rather talk about positive rather than negative numbers.
Under the program, US officials trabajarcon with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the program, US officials trabajarcon with foreign port authorities to seek high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 that he thought the old man would survive for many years.	In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face will survive for many years.
One, Captain Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition Thursday.	His sister 20 years old, Allyson, was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition.
On Wednesday, the total members of the National Guard and Reserve called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.	Yesterday, the total number of troops of the National Guard and reserve call to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
Over a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates had raised more than $ 7 million.	Telemarketing associates hired by Vietnow, raised $ 7.1 million since 1987-1995.
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32 and climbing partner Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered below Mt D&#39;Archiac late yesterday morning.	Warren David Campbell, 32 and climbing partner Jonathan Smith, 47, has not returned as expected on Tuesday climbing Mt D&#39;Archiac in the district of McKenzie.
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a unit of custody from being transferred to the prison on April 3.	He had been in custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.
The 2000 Democratic platform supported &quot;the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation.&quot;	2000 Democratic platform does not explicitly supported gay marriages but backed by &quot;the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation.&quot;
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in trading after hours to $ 19.55.	The population had increased 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $ 20.26 in regular session Nasdaq trading.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases on Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the patient Taiwan.	However, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
A former candidate for governor of New York, autonombraba a supporter of better corporate governance.	Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, autonombraba a supporter of better corporate governance.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers had flooded the grounds of court before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	Hundreds of reporters and photographers had flooded the city and short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
Sales of AMD chips jumped 7% year on year to $ 402 million.	Sales for the second quarter increased 7 percent to $ 645 million $ 600 million in 2002.
Downstream in Mount Vernon, Skagit river was expected to crest at 36 feet - 8 feet above flood stage - tonight, Burke said.	The Skagit was expected to crest overnight at 38 feet in Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of four large accounting ERNY Ernst &amp; Young firme.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, US officials said Thursday.	Former partner of accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young was arrested yesterday by FBI agents in the United States on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for the upcoming anniversary 104 of Turner Monumental AME Church celebration, the faithful said.	Parishioners of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was shaken when he arrived at the church in the Kirkwood neighborhood on this side of the city.
He was the ace of diamonds in a deck of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives sent to US troops.	He was the ace of diamonds on a deck United States showing pictures of the most wanted Iraqi leaders.
Miodrag Zivkovic of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic has 4 percent.	A radical independence, Miodrag Zivkovic of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
So far, Georgia has become almost $ 70,000 of the money wired.	Georgia has received nearly $ 70,000 of his money with the help of the FBI.
Yeager said the suspect in the white attack trends being shown a previous offender.	Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a record of one day and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan epidemic fastest growing in the world.	Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a record of one day and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world&#39;s fastest growing.
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games of Major League Baseball on Friday for using corked bat.	Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games of Major League Baseball on Friday for using corked bat and immediately appealed the decision.
Half of the women received a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half of the women received a daily tablet of estrogen plus progestin combination while the rest received a placebo.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1%, to 8983.80, having shed 2.3% last week.	In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having fallen 3.61 points on Monday.
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT = RR lost 16/32, bringing its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a city university about 30 kilometers north.	The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
When the police removed four of the house, they weighed 136 lbs combined.	Each child weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the house on October 10.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.	Against the Swiss franc, the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, 0.5 percent on the day.
While Ibrahim had a separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three of Aguirre, with several weeks between each.	Instead of a lengthy operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
The company has expanded into other services for buyers, including payment services.	The company has expanded basic services, even offering payment and financing.
The blasts killed two people and wounded more than 150 others.	Attack of the Atlanta Olympics killed one woman and injured more than 100 people.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Board Association marketing student loans.	In 2001, President Bush appointed Marketing Association student loan, the largest US mortgage lender for students.
The Archdiocese of Boston has faced waves of scandal that have not only the victims but angered advocates parishioners and priests.	The waves of scandal had angered not only the defenders of the victims, but the parishioners and priests, to the extent that the law could no longer run the archdiocese.
A federal judge in Fort Lauderdale ordered without bail.	Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Department&#39;s Position threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.	Department stance disappointed some opponents of abortion and threatens to alienate social conservatives who have strong political support provided by Ashcroft and President Bush.
South Africa has the highest cases in the world with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the number of AIDS cases highest in the world.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC President and CEO.	As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, Chairman and CEO of EMC.
The new army commander is the commander of Masaka Armoured Brigade, Brigadier General Aronda Nyakairima, now promoted to major general.	President Yoweri Museveni has promoted to brigadier General Aronda Nyakairima division and appointed commander of the army.
&quot;If that is not a democrat, I have to be at the wrong meeting,&quot; he said.	&quot;And if that&#39;s not a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting, said thousands of applause from his supporters.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $ 425 million.	WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $ 425 million and today is called MSN TV.
&quot;It&#39;s a great victory for Maine, and is a great victory for other states.	Maine program could be a model for other states.
Besides O&#39;Connor, majority opinion Rehnquist was joined by Judge David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the opinion of the majority were Justices Sandra Day O&#39;Connor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, David H. Souter and Stephen G. Breyer.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority took two weeks to restore the rate of $ 1.50 and railway tariffs nearby old said York.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, received until May 28 to restore the old metro and bus and rail fares old neighborhood.
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered in September 2006.	Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to US Airways by September 2006.
Today, we try to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and President George W. Bush us.	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
The state wants to kill wolves in an area of ​​approximately 1,700 square kilometers near the village of McGrath.	The state wants to kill wolves in an area of ​​approximately 1,700 square kilometers near McGrath to establish a moose nursery classes.
Peterson told police he was fishing alone in the San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.	Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 on December 24 fishing alone in the San Francisco Bay.
Empire State Survey Federal Reserve exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record level of 10.6 in May.	Prices had retreated from highs at sea when the Empire State survey exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record level of 10.6 in May.
&quot;I can say that I am being forced into exile by the world superpower,&quot; he said.	&quot;I&#39;m being forced into exile by the world superpower,&quot; Taylor said in a videotaped speech at home.
Chief Insp det Norman McKinlay said there was &quot;evidence of a body or bodies have been in this area.&quot;	Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the research, said: &quot;there is no evidence of a body or bodies have been in this area.
Researchers have meticulously researched virtually every aspect of personal and financial affairs of Campbell, Campbell acknowledged.	Researchers continue to probe virtually every aspect of personal and financial affairs of Campbell, said the former mayor.
Chancellor Robert Bennett board declined to comment on personnel matters on Tuesday, as mills.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
General Jeffrey military said it would donate to charity for the period was in the office at Yarralumla pension.	Maj-Gen Jeffery said he gave his military pension to charity while he served in Yarralumla.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called strikes to the ninth.	Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, Bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were expelled in the middle of the ninth.
The company owns five refineries and 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.	TNK-BP has six oil production units, five refineries and 2,100 service stations.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
Revenue rose to $ 616.5 million from $ 610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue rose slightly, from $ 610.6 million to $ 616.5 million.
The wide &lt;.SPX&gt; Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index rose 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, to 929.06.	Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
Representative Peter Deutsch, D -FLA., Criticized the FDA&#39;s efforts in Florida.	Peter Deutsch, D -FLA., Said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde Morgan could not be reached for comment.	Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm that an offer was made to Lebo.
Now there are 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	And, overall, the number of active probable cases has decreased to 573.
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering serious wounds in his abdomen.	The Eagle 21 years old, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe injuries to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
Agnew said Pinellas began to take the bait when rabies cases &quot;went from zero to 30&quot; in 1995.	However, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
Marc Garber, a lawyer for Whitley, had a different view.	Whitley attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling &quot;a great victory&quot;.
BioReliance bag closed 2 cents yesterday at $ 47.98 per share.	BioReliance shares sold at $ 47.98 at market close yesterday, down 2 cents.
Just five months ago, Dean had committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who does not.	Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and expenses that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who does not limit.
SARS has killed 296 people in China mainland and infected more than 5,200.	Throughout mainland China, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
The redesigned Finder also search functions, custom labels for organizing color documents and projects and dynamic navigation network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.	It is also compatible with colored labels to better organize documents and dynamic network browsing for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
The lawyer representing concepts torch, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	Officials with JetBlue torch and did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
He was castrated voluntarily in 2001, an operation that holds removed its ability to be sexually aroused.	DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took its ability to be sexually aroused.
The compound S &amp; P / TSX rose 87.74 points on the week, while the compound of the TSX Venture Exchange gained 44.49 points.	For the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
In turn SuSE Java 2 Standard Edition license while also formalize an existing distribution agreement for Sun Java Virtual Machine to run Java applications.	Nuremberg-based SuSE, Germany Java 2 Standard Edition of Sun (J2SE) and Java Virtual Machine ship Sun&#39;s entire line of Linux software is licensed.
Artists are concerned that the plan would hurt those who need help most - artists who have difficulty alignment shows.	The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - artists who have a hard time lining up work.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to withdraw money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to withdraw money from ATMs and Israelis, supported by the effects of the strike.
The heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99 technology, or 0.2 percent, to 1682.72, after a two-day victory 55.93.	The Nasdaq technology index eased 8.52 cordones.IXIC composite points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
Martin, 58, will be released today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the murder of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the murder of Barras and to strike the Fearon.
We do not know if anyone will be SARS, &quot;said Dr. James Young Commissioner, Ontario public safety.	&quot;We are being hyper-vigilant,&quot; said Dr. James Young, Ontario Commissioner of Public Safety.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, increasing 37 percent year on year to 1.76 billion euros.	Sales increased 37 percent year over year to 1.76bn, exceeding expectations.
The company said it would issue revised estimates for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its results Q2 guidelines.	The company said it would renew its guidance when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July 2003.
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the shares of the remaining 49.5 percent of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders.	The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the shares of the combined company.
However, the guru of open-source insisted, &quot;this attack was wrong, and it was dangerous for our goals.&quot;	&quot;This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous for our goals,&quot; Raymond said.
&quot;We have not decided whether an unbroken line or white dotted used, but this is a worthy introduction experiment,&quot; said David Richardson, ICC Cricket Manager.	&quot;We have not decided whether an unbroken line or white dotted used,&quot; said Dave Richardson, the ICC Cricket Manager.
Shinseki is retiring after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of US peace efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki career includes combat in Vietnam and head of US peace efforts in Bosnia.
The Department also sent samples of water and soil to the state health laboratory.	Water samples are sent to the state Department of Health for analysis.
But that does not remove the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that&#39;s not what we&#39;re seeing.	But that does not erase the responsibility of every effort to minimize harm to civilians.
Ross Garber, Rowland&#39;s lawyer, said on Tuesday attend the meeting and ask to speak on the subject.	Ross Garber, Rowland&#39;s legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the treatment of condominium.
At his request, he will be assigned within the district.	District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd said Monday that McCrackin be reallocated within the district.
Frank Quattrone, the former guru Credit Suisse First Boston investment banking technology, reportedly pleaded not guilty to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering Tuesday.	NEW YORK (Dow Jones) banker Frank Quattrone a former star pleaded not guilty to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering Tuesday.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to retain the names of more than 700 people arrested following the September 11, 2001.	A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the US government may withhold the names of persons detained under the investigation of Sept. 11, reversing a lower court decision.
He had previously seen the smiling mechanic East Java only on TV.	Mr. Hughes had seen Amrozi face on television, the infamous images of smiling mechanic in East Java.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	Under the agreement, coverage for Medicare drug benefits would begin in 2006.
Satellite images from NASA show that Arctic sea ice has been declining at a rate of almost 10 percent a decade.	Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9% per decade.
The blue chip Dow Jones industrials fell 86.56 average.DJI points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	Dow industrial average fell 79.43 Jones.DJI points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
&quot;Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the evidence,&quot; Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	&quot;Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the evidence,&quot; said Robert Fraley, executive vice president of Monsanto.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 to 9837.94, after advancing 111.04 on Wednesday.	The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
The time was 4 on March 18, just hours before the first punctate missiles fell on the capital.	The seizure took place on 4 March 18, just hours before the first American: air assault.
A national board certified teacher with a master&#39;s degree, Kelley makes a salary of $ 65,000 on its 30th anniversary.	A national board certified teacher with a master&#39;s degree, Kelley, in his teaching year 30, makes $ 65,000.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although it had not yet been fixed date.	In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency, ElBaradei said Monday he had accepted Iran&#39;s invitation but said it had not yet been fixed date.
Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; rose 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,653.44.	The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index.SPX was lower 0.46 points, or 0.05 percent, to 997.02.
The epidemic began in November in Guangdong Province the mainland, but the People&#39;s Republic of China refused to truthfully report their spread over four months.	PRC epidemic started in Guangdong province in November, but the government of the Communist Party refused to truthfully report their spread over four months.
Druce face charges of murder, Conte said.	Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
That compared with $ 35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the period a year ago.	Earnings were affected by non-recurring tax benefit of $ 8 million in the period a year ago.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the Union is closing negotiations on agrarian reform, said Gerry Kiely, a representative of EU agriculture in Washington.	Gerry Kiely, a representative of EU agriculture in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the Union is closing negotiations on land reform.
Nick Markakis, a southpaw from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.	Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and participate in discussions in good faith on this issue. &quot;	Alhart said the governor &quot;remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and participate in discussions in good faith&quot;.
Some women are also concerned that many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in the search for bodily perfection.	Some women also expressed concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in the search for bodily perfection.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.	MSNBC.com reported the request of the CIA on Friday first.
&quot;Now, the other guy, he&#39;s ashamed of his party,&quot; Street said to laughter from the crowd.	&quot;The other is ashamed of his party, and not blame him.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to test the strength redistricting plan through.	Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to impose the measure.
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	There is, however, no photos of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined yesterday by age.
In his new position, Dinas win $ 395,000, a significant increase over salary of $ 361,400 Atkinson.	Dinas be paid $ 395,000 per year; Atkinson&#39;s salary is $ 361,400.
We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they do not, from the time of this tragic event, provided the additional security we requested.	&quot;But, at the time of this tragic particular event, provide the security we requested,&quot; said Mr. Jordan.
The agency &quot;considered as timely of any taxes or payments due&quot; on August 15 if they are submitted by August 22.	The agency said it would consider as appropriate of any taxes or payments due from Friday until August 22 if they are covered by the 22 August.
A statement released by DEI said green start the car on a provisional basis, beginning next week at the Winston Open at Lowe&#39;s Motor Speedway.	It was announced to replace Green Park at Dale Earnhardt Inc. Chevrolet No.1, starting with the Winston Open Lowe&#39;s Motor Speedway next week.
Semi-final opponent is Spanish coast Juan Carlos Ferrero, who beat in the final last year.	Juan Carlos Ferrero Costa will play next in a rematch of last year&#39;s final.
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects the body against cell damage and improves blood flow.	His belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.	The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index.SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state&#39;s congressional delegation.	The Texas congressional delegation is now 17-15 democratic.
Americans were registered among the victims, according to Captain Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	None of the victims were Americans, said Captain Michael Calvert, spokesman for the regiment.
We believe they have the right to choose.	&quot;We believe that PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose,&quot; Ellison said.
&quot;We have found the smoking gun,&quot; Scott Hubbard investigating counselor said.	&quot;We have found the smoking gun,&quot; Hubbard, director of the Ames Research Center of NASA in California said.
Chaudhry was released after 56 days and the Fiji military installed an all Indian government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.	Fijian military government installed all indigenous led by Mr. Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, director of security with Symantec Security Response in California.	But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
&quot;This kid literally neglected to death,&quot; Armstrong District Attorney Scott County Andreassi said.	Armstrong District Attorney Scott Andreassi said Kristen County did not include the many photos on the home page.
Microsoft said Friday that it is to stop the development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from the Safari browser Apple Computer.	Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser for Macintosh computers, Apple Safari saying now is all you need Apple.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment on July 3.	Mr. Chapman, who has not been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment on Thursday, prosecutors said.
President Bush raised a record $ 49.5 million for his reelection campaign in the last three months, with contributions of 262,000 Americans, President President&#39;s campaign said Tuesday.	President Bush has grossed $ 83.9 million since the start of his reelection campaign in May and has $ 70 million to spend, that his campaign said on Tuesday.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for bodies.	So far, authorities have also searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Michigan.
He said European governments &quot;have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	&quot;They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears,&quot; Bush said.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against UN authorization for war, to vote &quot;Yes&quot; or abstain.	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against UN approval for war, also sought changes.
Luzerne County prosecutor David Lupas district told a news conference on Monday that authorities&#39; continued making significant progress&#39; &#39;in the case.	They have not been charged in those deaths, but the tax Luzerne County District David Lupas said authorities were &quot;continues to make significant progress&quot; in the case.
The US Conference Board said the ultimate measure of business confidence after falling 60 to 53 in its first quarter survey.	The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
The judges said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only &quot;in limited circumstances.&quot;	In a 6-3 ruling, the judges said that these antipsychotic drugs can be used only in &quot;limited circumstances&quot;.
Their legal representatives began to hold meetings with plaintiffs&#39; attorneys last week to discuss a solution.	Lawyers for the plaintiffs therefore the Archdiocese began last week to reach court settlement meeting.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $ 3,450.	Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
The veteran Malaysian diplomat met Suu Kyi on Wednesday at the lake house in Rangoon, where he is under house arrest.	Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, 1991 Nobel Prize winner for peace, in his lake house, where he is under house arrest.
The flamboyant entrepreneur marked the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Government bonds sold sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the US economy &quot;could very well be embarking on a period of prolonged growth.&quot;	Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the US economy &quot;could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth.&quot;
New legal download service starts with PC users in mind.	BuyMusic is the first free music service paid subscription download for PC users.
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.	Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family did not know that his life has collapsed.
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR rose 22/32 to close a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent on Wednesday.	The 30-year bond US30YT = RR rose 1-3 / 32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
The Institute for the index of the direction of the source of the activity rose unexpectedly in April, according to reports.	The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor refused to intervene.	Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that have led to a new sentencing hearing.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: &quot;It looks very much like an isolated event.&quot;	&quot;It looks like an isolated event,&quot; spokesman for the World Health Organization Maria Cheng said.
Police say two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	Police said her two small children were alone there for two days while she lay dead.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.	The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the case of the call and criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of his staff at the naval base and saw the release.	Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to witness the launch.
The agreement includes $ 4.1 million in expenses and attorneys&#39; fees.	Plaintiffs would receive $ 4.1 million settlement.
Three votes would not kill for now.	It would take three votes to kill the expansion of the ACC.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war in Afghanistan, the al-Qaida network.	Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Guantanamo Naval Base, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send email to jdvorak@kctar.com.	To reach Brad Cooper, city reporter Johnson County, call (816) 234-7724 or send email to bcooper@kcstar.com.
Attorney Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson&#39;s family.	They were not present members of the family of Kathleen Peterson.
At first glance, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry seem to draw the line at precisely the right place.	At first glance, then, the creators of the record would seem to have drawn the line between free calls and prohibited in the right place.
And now it is what means &quot;Alesha Badgley, Stone director of nursing and social rehabilitation center County, said this week.	And now it&#39;s what you mean, &quot;Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director of Alesha Badgley confirmed.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the Anglican Communion of 77 million members.	The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the US branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
&quot;I feel confident saying that HP is no longer a story of integration,&quot; Fiorina said.	We still have much to do, but I&#39;m sure that HP is no longer a story of integration.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the alleged ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the River Thames.	Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian boy whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the River Thames.
The best they can do is fussy researchers be about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and questions his competence as a manager. &quot;	Ebbers&#39; lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said that despite the investigation, &quot;the best we can researchers be fussy about the process and substance of isolated business decisions.&quot;
In the afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 12.81, or 0.1%, to 9331.77, having taken 201 points on Monday to its highest level since July 2002.	In morning trade, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 8.76, or 0.1%, to 9310.20, having gained 201 points on Monday.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma on today short visit to Latin America as a bitter border dispute between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	The dispute has led the Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
The Department of Justice filed Thursday against the state of Mississippi, not to end what federal officials call &quot;disturbing&quot; child abuse and conditions &quot;inconceivable&quot; two-state facilities.	The Department of Justice filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders in two state facilities.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly was the last to speak.	Marcel Desailly, the captain of France and Chelsea defender believes the latter is true.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target of the rebels and tension is running high before the presidential elections next Sunday in war-torn Chechnya.	Government officials backed by Moscow in Chechnya are a frequent target of the rebels, and tension is running high before Sunday&#39;s presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many chances.	Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
NASDAQ shares closed just below its 52-week high at $ 32.17, up $ 1.54.	EchoStar stock exchanges closed on Tuesday in a 52-week high of $ 32.17, up $ 1.54.
She was the only woman in her unit and member of Local 995.	She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her local union.
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name could not be made public.	She said her husband had received assurances from his manager and senior Ministry officials when he came out his name not be made public online research.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a fine on each of the 11 charges of $ 250,000.	If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 or more based on the amount of benefits involved.
Special police Khodorkovsky arrested early Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refueling stop.	Khodorkovsky police arrested early Saturday when his plane made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
Sony Ericsson also said it would close its R &amp; D center GSM / UMTS in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R &amp; D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS mobile phones.
But the country is struggling to prevent the vast field where most of its population lives separates 1.3 billion.	China is struggling to stop the disease spreading to the countryside, where most of its population lives 1.3 billion.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show that there were 88 abortions performed on girls aged 14 and under last year.	The statistics of Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
Yield spreads of US corporate bonds tightened in the grain trade Friday as Wall forced back on their feet after the largest ever in North America blackout Street.	US stocks rose slightly in superlight volume on Friday as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest power outage in North America.
Evacuation went well, although passengers have not said what was going on, Hunt said.	Passengers were evacuated without problems, although they were not told what was happening, he said.
&quot;The discovery that the failure map is present in most patients with Crohn means almost certainly causing intestinal inflammation,&quot; he said in a statement.	Researchers say that the error map is present in most media Crohn&#39;s sufferers almost certainly causing intestinal inflammation.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were recorded.	From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 sexual assaults reported in the Academy.
Simply &quot;Oh, my God,&quot; Smith said in the seconds after, according Weinshall.	In the seconds after the accident, he added, Captain Smith said simply, &quot;Oh my God&quot;.
Life expectancy for children born in 2001 was 74.4 years, two years since 1990.	According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by almost two years since 1990.
Cooley said he expects Muhammad also be called as a witness in a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday at a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
&quot;It really left us with a smile on his face and no last words,&quot; daughter Linda Hope said.	&quot;It really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ...&quot; Everyone gave us a kiss and that was all he said.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable connections rose 49 percent modem.	During the full year ending 30 June 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
He could also permanently prohibited from the securities industry.	Young faces a fine, suspension or permanently barred from the securities industry.
&quot;They were a couple of inspiration, selfless and brave,&quot; the director of the Oscar-winning film he said.	He said, &quot;were a couple of inspiration, selfless and courageous.
We believe that the report is entirely consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the actions of the department are fully within the law.	Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the arrests are completely within the law.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was hit in the chest, the bullet piercing his lung.	The other victim, Michael Walker, 550 Barbey Street, was hit in the neck.
About 25 governments have signed in the past four months, about half of that in the last three weeks.	According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the last three weeks.
In an interview, Healey, a criminologist, acknowledged that much of sentiment among lawmakers here and across the country was distrust of the death penalty.	In an interview, Ms. Healey, a criminologist, says many legislators here and across the country shared a distrust of the death penalty.
Franklin County judge executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
The police spokesman Brigadier General Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that two others had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.	Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a spokesman for the police confirmed yesterday that they had been arrested two others, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday that imposed the maximum sentence for Avants showed no remorse for the brutal murder.	US District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
In fact, Mr. Weill, self-proclaimed workaholic, said he planned to stay deeply involved in the company.	Still, Mr. Weill long remain a power in the company.
About 120 prospective jurors who asked to complete an extensive questionnaire.	Jurors were taken in the room in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
They were also elected five alternate jurors, with the final to be selected on Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors were also selected, with a sixth alternate to be collected on Friday.
Gregory Parseghian, a former banker, was appointed chief executive.	Greg Parseghian was named the new chief executive.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	The California Farm Bureau had no immediate official response to Tuesday&#39;s ruling.
The report cites the alleged marriage operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, Farida, a &quot;very cosmopolitan and educated young man.&quot;	The report cites the alleged marriage operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
The Council of the Cradle of Liberty is not the first position of the national group of ball.	Philadelphia Council is not the first to challenge the national policy.
But the prime minister told the BBC he was not bothered by polls and would continue to do what he believed to be right.	He said he was not upset by the polls and would continue to do what he believed to be right, in domestic and foreign policy.
General Sattler heads a force combined joint task based on boat in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	General Sattler heads a combined joint task force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
&quot; &#39;It is absurd,&quot; Funny Cide trainer Barclay Tagg said of.	Meanwhile, Funny Cide trainer Barclay Tagg, called the &quot;ridiculous&quot; allegations.
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised duties within 60 days figures.	It is called the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents per share, according to Thomson First Call.	The results were 3 cents below expectations of analysts polled by Thomson First Call action.
The court decision follows three days of intense speculation that Hewlett-Packard Co. may be an offer for the company.	The court decision followed three days of wild volatility in stock RIM speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be an offer for the company.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen Cuban musicians nominated received US visas in time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.	Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received US visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.	The results are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The measures could be taken by the full Senate as early as Friday.	Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures that the full Senate on Friday.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the request for mediation.	&quot;We think it is great news,&quot; said spokesman Eric Thode Enron.
The Labor Department analysts believe that payroll statistics Business survey provide a more accurate of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample image.	Analysts believe that payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample, he said.
Parents want to stay alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Earlier, he told France Inter Radio, &quot;I think now we can qualify what is happening as a real epidemic.&quot;	&quot;I think now we can qualify what is happening as an epidemic,&quot; said Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei on France Inter radio.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospital where he has spent the last few years.	Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the hospice of the Tampa Bay area where he has been living for several years, his father, Bob Schindler said.
The company will launch 800 hot spots or &quot;Wi-Fi Zones&quot; later this summer and plans to have more than 2,100 at the end of the year.	The service will be launched this summer with 800 stores, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by year end.
Before joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter &amp; Gamble Corp., where he led products like Pantene shampoo and Folgers.	Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing for Procter &amp; Gamble.
Mr. McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of the police in the Solomon Islands.	Mr. McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of Police Commissioner William Morrell by.
Gold increase took other senior precious metals, silver turnoff to $ 4.81 / 83 an ounce from $ 4.77 / 79 last quoted in New York.	Golden farewell took other more precious metals, silver last shipment $ 4,83 / 85 an ounce from $ 4.80 / 82 quoted in New York.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway in Rockingham could not be reached.	NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment on Tuesday.
They said the boy was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.	The child was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was &quot;fine.&quot;
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	A representative of Global Crossing had no immediate comment.
LendingTree shares rose $ 5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $ 20.68 in afternoon trading the Nasdaq Stock Market.	LendingTree shares rose $ 6.21, or 42 percent, to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced the closure of all but one of Yale eaters.	Unions also organized a five-day strike in March; Strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes the expansion of gambling, would be reluctant to veto the continuation of the Lottery Commission.	Gov. Rick Perry opposes the expansion of gambling, but said it would be &quot;very difficult&quot; veto the draft lottery at sunset.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index rose 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1790.47.	The Nasdaq.IXIC composite index had dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
In Kentucky, Attorney General Ben Chandler faces Democrat Congressman Ernie Fletcher.	Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a member of the house three terms, is fighting the democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day 98.32 points at 9011.53.
401 (k) Enron had covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	Enron had made as much as 61% of the portfolios of 401 (k) of workers.
The US Senate Judiciary Committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.	The Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday cleared a significant hurdle in the struggle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure, but remain the most difficult obstacles.
But she said if she can certify the two-year budget $ 117.4 billion for 2004-05.	She said she did not know if she would certify the budget.
It would be difficult to overstate the potential dangers of the vulnerability of remote procedure call (RPC).	The default is the protocol remote procedure call (RPC), which handles communications between computers.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics, like high cholesterol and smoking.	Although obesity can increase the risk of a number of health problems, skeptics, like smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during his 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27 US Amateur Public Links Championship for Women.	Now he has his first trophy after victory in Amateur Public Links us women here on Sunday.
Sony said the PSP will also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, memory expansion slots.	It also features a backlit LCD screen 4.5 on memory expansion and facilities.
In one of the three sampling sites in Huntington Beach, bacteria reading again on 16 June 160 and 120 on June 23.	160 readings again on June 16 and 120 on June 23 in one of three sampling sites in Huntington Beach.
American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.	The letter indicates interest in strengthening Vatican conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
Where longlines used to fish 10/100 hooks in past decades, now they are lucky to catch one, the study found.	&quot;While long lines used to fish 10/100 hooks, now are lucky to catch one,&quot; Myers said.
New book by New York senator, &quot;Living History,&quot; appears some success.	Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book called living history Monday.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $ 31.29 in midday trade on Wednesday, 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	Carnival Corp stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, to $ 31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
But criticism of the Senate plan came home Tuesday on several fronts.	And several Senate Republicans are sulking on the map of the house.
As a result, Murphy tried to replace Strier sister, Ethel Celnik, the trustee.	Murphy said Strier sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the room at the time, but it was not Strier.
It will cost approximately $ 20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected therapies, a spokeswoman said.	It will cost approximately $ 20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
Bar groups rule transmitting advertisements promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	Suplencia confirmed rules that bar the same groups of transmitting advertisements promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Cisco wall spending to offset slow sales.	In response to slow sales, Cisco wall expenditure.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.	The royal family chose Chris Lubanski a high school outfielder Pennsylvania that golpeó.528, with the fifth pick.
Sterling was 0.8 percent against the dollar at $ 1.5875 GBP =.	The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
Dow industrial average rose 41.61 Jones.DJI points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	The Dow rose 41.61 points Friday, up 0.4% for the day and 0.7% during the week.
&quot;From the beginning, we did not want to see anyone take a pay cut.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: &quot;From the beginning, we did not want to see anyone take a pay cut.
&quot;There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals: there is a person who is responsible here,&quot; Gehman said.	NIMA In rejecting the offer, Gehman said, &#39;&#39; there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
DeVries made a stop in the town on Wednesday - register as a sex offender in Soledad Police Department.	Brian DeVries convicted pederast spoke in response to community outrage Wednesday after registering as a sex offender in Soledad Police Department.
At 5 pm EDT, Grace center was near 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 kilometers east-southeast of Corpus Christi.	At 11 am EDT, the center of Fabian was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 kilometers east of the Leewards.
On Saturday, a service 149mph world record against Agassi matched Rusedski.	On Saturday, Roddick equaled the world record with a throw of 149 mph in beating Andre Agassi.
Teams of inspectors entered a restricted in a park area without being arrested; photos of sensitive areas without being challenged.	Teams of inspectors entered a restricted in a park without being stopped by employees zone; photos of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index.SPX rose 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	The Nasdaq.IXIC composite index jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
Future October heating oil settled at 69.89 percent baja.85 cents a gallon.	October heating oil ended percent 0.41 to 70.74 cents a gallon.
Mr. Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.	Alon Cohen MS attorney, Donald Levine, confirmed that she tried to sell the story in February.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the murderer was &quot;very methodical.&quot;	GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the murderer was very methodical.
&quot;This moves us much closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage,&quot; Hubbard, a member of the Board Columbia accident investigation said.	&quot;I think this moves us much closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage,&quot; Hubbard said.
&quot;We had nothing to do with the internal staff @Stake decision,&quot; said Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell.	&quot;Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with the decision of internal staff AtStake&quot; Sundwall said.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition that claim may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.	Egyptologists think they have identified the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, a legendary beauty of ancient world sought.
The identical rovers act as robotic geologists, looking for evidence of past water.	The rovers act as robot geologists, spending six wheels.
Hacienda s long-range plan is to offer retail buyers of all Treasury securities ability to manage your stocks online in a single account.	The Treasury said it wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities eventual ability to manage stocks online in a single account.
Canada is a small country and needs companies, opportunities like this.	A passionate nationalist, Mr. D&#39;Alessandro said: &quot;Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this.&quot;
Appeared last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.	The victim, a resident of New Jersey was in critical but stable condition in hospital.
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR rose 1-3 / 32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.	11 (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT = RR rose 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent on Wednesday.
Representatives of Puretunes not immediately be reached for comment on Wednesday.	Puretunes representatives could not be located on Thursday to comment on the lawsuit.
IAC shares closed yesterday at $ 2.81, or 7.6 percent, to $ 34.19.	InterActiveCorp shares closed at $ 34.19, $ 2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Byrd, speaking from the floor of the Senate, said he questioned &quot;the motives of President deskbound, who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.&quot;	But I question the motives of President Mesa-limit, which assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
The Ministry of Defense is facing a 20m compensation claim hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.	Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted legal aid from the government on Wednesday to pursue his case against the Ministry of Defence.
SK Tonapi police official told Reuters at least 40 people were killed and over 100 injured.	State Interior Ministry spokesman that Pitke Vasant told Reuters they had been killed at least 42 people and wounded 112.
USA Interactive shares rose $ 2.28, or 7 percent, to $ 34.96 on Friday on the Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.	LendingTree shares rose $ 6.03, or 41 percent, to close yesterday at $ 20.72 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Similar bills passed by the house twice but murióen in the Senate.	Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that failed in the Senate.
Close the program had affected third quarter earnings per share by one cent.	The company said the earnings impacted by a penny per share.
I have still a chance, &quot;however, Hewitt said after struggling to beat Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on center court.	&quot;I am not follow favorite red hot,&quot; Hewitt said after battling down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on center court.
&quot;Jeremy is a good guy,&quot; Barber said, adding: &quot;Jeremy is living the dream life of the athlete from New York.	Shockey also said &quot;living the dream life of an athlete in New York.
The woman was hospitalized on June 15, the Kansas health officials said.	The Missouri health officials said they had not been hospitalized and recovered.
Blue chips with lower edges around midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings trickles between optimism that has fueled a rally in the last three months.	US stocks fell in early morning trading Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings trickles between optimism that has fueled a rally in the last three months.
Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; had advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP: 8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.	Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP: 8316: news, chart, profile) fell 2.5 percent to 198,000 yen.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.	two Kuwaiti and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports are included, and the rest are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
His birthday, April 21, was declared a public holiday and attended a reception and a ball.	When her grandmother, then Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and attended a reception and a ball.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a jury, should have been tried separately.	Sorkin was been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a jury.
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 15, gave the deputies about 18:30	The man had entered the post office at Woodside Avenue in Maine Avenue shortly before 15
&quot;Less than 10&quot; FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, said the Department of Justice.	In addition, the Justice Department said the FBI has conducted research &#39;&#39; less than 10 &#39;&#39; with visits to mosques.
Off the court, Sriyanto, who faces 25 years jail, denied that he had done nothing wrong.	Off the court, at the age Sriyanto denied he had done anything wrong.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the website of the University, &quot;our core values ​​have not changed.	&quot;Our core values ​​have not changed,&quot; Mary Sue Coleman, President of the University, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet 60 overall.	Astronomers have recorded eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing his total to 60 known.
Comcast Class A shares rose 8 cents to $ 30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq stock market.	The stock rose 48 cents to $ 30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
Thomas joined in full by Rehnquist and parts O&#39;Connor and Scalia.	He was accompanied by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and justices Sandra Day O&#39;Connor and Antonin Scalia.
&quot;What they have done is a thin veil trying to do an end run around the Constitution,&quot; he said.	Church attorney, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: &quot;What they have done is a thin veil trying to do an end run around the Constitution,&quot; he said.
When you have crossed the line, violated the constitutional right, &quot;said Charles Weisselberg, a law professor at UC Berkeley.	When you have crossed the line, violated the constitutional right, &quot;said Charles Weisselberg, a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley.
Preliminary reports that men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	The men had allegedly Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport before night, judicial sources said.
Toronto had yesterday 64 probable cases of SARS nine suspected cases.	As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable cases of SARS in the Toronto region.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 percent, to 1700.34.	The Nasdaq composite, cordones.IXIC technology index gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
Second transport company Toll, Australia, last week offered NZ75 a fee for Tranz Rail.	Toll offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $ NZ158 million last week.
Some 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be very functional.
MessageLabs, which runs had outsourced email servers for 700,000 customers worldwide, he said 27,000 had leaked emails infected in 115 countries from tomorrow on Thursday.	MessageLabs, running mail servers outsourced to 700,000 customers worldwide, the worm has described as &quot;high risk&quot; and more than 31,000 infections reported in 120 countries.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.	Production for the second quarter fell to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
US troops met no resistance during the sweep five hours near Tikrit, hometown of Saddam and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.	Tikrit is Saddam&#39;s hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former senior Iraqi military officials.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate&#39;s office, police said.	The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtain an arrest warrant from the court Stackhouse local education office.
Miodrag Zivkovic of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the votes while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic has four percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the opposition pro-independence Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
Carlson said Tuesday recuse not the case.	Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself in the case.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents to $ 13.60.	Oracle shares based in Redwood Shores rose 14 cents to $ 13.62.
In the period a year ago, Pearson recorded a profit before tax 26 million.	A year ago the company had posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
With all districts counted, Fletcher, a congressman three terms Lexington - had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.	With districts counted, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
Until Thursday, Oracle said it had been tendered 34.75 million shares of PeopleSoft.	Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined on Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.	This after seven health care workers in a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher earnings for the quarter earlier on Thursday, helped by European demand.	Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher earnings for the quarter, helped by European demand, early Thursday.
Dominick Yucaipa property before selling the chain Safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion.	Yucaipa bought Dominick $ 693 million in 1995 and sold $ 1.8 billion of Safeway in 1998.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	The unemployment rate is expected to have marked a percentage point to 6.1%.
As part of their agreement, Mr. Delainey agreed to cooperate in the ongoing investigation.	Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
Graves recorded from Albuquerque, Villafranca Austin and Laredo Ratcliffe.	Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers Albuquerque.
An increase of 25 percent for undergraduate tuition rise about $ 5,247 annually, including miscellaneous fees, on campus.	The walk takes 25 percent annual UC undergraduate tuition and fees $ 4,794 $ 5,019 graduated.
