The toppling of a tourist bus, occurred at kilometer 8 of the Bogota-Choachí route, leaving a balance of 38 people injured, of which 30 had to be sent to hospitals.	Of the people who were on the bus and were valued at the crash site, 8 not merited transfer to medical center; the rest of the injured were taken to hospitals.
Not let any of our residents live in the shadows, &quot;he said in Spanish De Blasio during his speech on the state of the city, in which he announced his project.	We will not let any of our residents live in the shadow, &quot;de Blasio said in Spanish to make the announcement during his State of the city, in which he presented the broad lines of its 2014 government action.
Snow and ice were apparently responsible for several traffic accidents occurred in the prefectures of Ishikawa, Nagano and Aichi which resulted in total with 10 deaths, reported public broadcaster NHK.	Four of the dead were motorcyclists, who have lost their lives in traffic accidents caused by snow and ice in Ishikawa and Nagano prefectures.
The president of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, today recognized the structural reforms that his colleague Enrique Peña Nieto has done in Mexico and highlighted the ties of friendship between both nations.	President Enrique Peña Nieto admitted that in 2013 the Mexican economy grew below expectations but said this year promises greater economic growth for reforms and indirect foreign investment reached 35 billion dollars.
&quot;We come as a brother partner to finalize trade agreements expressing the political will of four sister nations, Mexico, Chile, Colombia and Peru,&quot; the founding members of the Pacific Alliance.	He added that the summit of the Pacific Alliance Peru comes as &quot;a partner and a brother&quot; to finalize trade agreements &quot;expressing the political will of four brothers towns: Mexico, Colombia, Chile and Peru.&quot;
Solis, a historian 55 years little known in the country when you started the political campaign, rocketing in two weeks, also beating the candidate of the leftist Frente Amplio, José María Villalta, whom all the polls gave the safest rival Araya in a second round.	Solis, a historian 55 years little known in the country when he started the presidential campaign, had a meteoric rise in less than three weeks, also surpassing the leftist José María Villalta, who all gave as the almost certain rival of Araya in a second return.
The murderer, who allegedly worked as a security guard, was arrested by local police.	According to RIA Novosti, the assailant is a 25-year-old who worked at a security agency and has already been arrested.
The complaint of the Committee to Support Tibet by which the investigation was initiated and is now played by the judge in the car to order the imprisonment of former president, said &quot;Jiang Zemin exercised supervisory authority over persons who committed directly the abuses themselves, which makes him responsible for torture and other major human rights abuses perpetrated by his subordinates against the Tibetan population. &quot;	&quot;Jiang Zemin exercised supervisory authority over persons who committed directly the proper abuses, which makes him responsible for torture and other major human rights abuses perpetrated by his subordinates against the Tibetan population,&quot; says the complaint that now the judge plays in the car to order the imprisonment of former president.
Eleven people were killed, over 1,000 injured and tens of thousands left without electricity when the worst snowstorm in decades hit Tokyo and its surroundings before heading north to the Pacific coast affected by the tsunami in 2011.	Tokyo, lived most snowfall in 20 years with 27 centimeters of accumulated snow.
This very active in Ukrainian opposition activist Viktor Yanukovich president claims to have been kidnapped on January 22 in Kiev and tortured for a week before being released in the middle of a forest.	This opposition of 35 years and father of three children was kidnapped on January 22 in Kiev and tortured for a week before being released in the middle of a forest.
His identity had revealed during the patrol boat trip from Ebon, an official of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Marshall, a vast archipelago of Micronesia she said.	The information was provided by the fisherman to the Mexican ambassador to Manila, Julio Camarena, who also discussed the case with the foreign minister of the Marshall Islands, Phillip Muller and other authorities of the archipelago.
The United States said Sunday that North Korea withdrew the invitation for a special envoy to visit Pyongyang in order to negotiate the release of Kenneth Bae, the US citizen sentenced to 15 years of forced labor.	EFE | February 10, 2014 North Korea Washington, Feb. 10 .- North Korea on Sunday canceled its invitation to Washington&#39;s envoy Robert King visitase Pyongyang in order to discuss the US citizen Kenneth Bae, a prisoner in the country since 2012, the State Department CNN reported.
Since the beginning of social protest last Wednesday, they have resigned in Bosnia the governments of three of the ten cantons that make up the Muslim-Croat Federation and the director of the coordinating body of the Bosnian police.	In Bihac, in the west end, where Saturday there were some clashes between protesters and police, about 500 people turned to rally yesterday in the main square to demand the resignation of the cantonal minister, who according to some media has fled the country .
This operation has been possible thanks to the three-day humanitarian truce agreed between the regime and the Syrian rebels.	The corridor for the entry of humanitarian aid and the ceasefire three days is the first tangible result of the talks held in Geneva between representatives of the regime and the opposition.
Incumbent President Horacio Cartes declared war on poverty, which affects nearly 60% of the population, about 6.5 million people.	The dismembered body of the animal is used to feed the wild animals of the park.
Amos has praised the &quot;courage&quot; and &quot;tenacity&quot; of UN humanitarian workers and Red Crescent who entered Saturday in the Old City of Homs to deliver aid to the population.	Aid has been arriving Sunday to the hardest hit areas of the city, after Saturday several attacks on humanitarian convoys of the United Nations and the Red Crescent were recorded, of which the Syrian regime and opposition accused each other .
The head of the IAEA, Ali Akbar Salehi, said this week that Iran would be willing to make &quot;some changes in the plans to produce less plutonium,&quot; but insisted that it is a research reactor.	In response to these concerns, the head of the IAEA, Ali Akbar Salehi, said this week that Iran is ready to &quot;make some changes in the plans to produce less plutonium,&quot; but repeated that Arak is a research reactor.
The first round of presidential elections in Colombia will take place on May 25 and in case none of the candidates obtains more than 50 percent of the vote, the top two will meet in late June in a second round.	In the event that Santos faces Zuluaga on the ballot, the current president would get 38 percent of the vote, compared to 18 percent of its rival.
According to the survey, 87% of Catholics believe that Francisco is doing a good or excellent job.	87% of Catholics in the world approved the work of Pope, he revealed a survey released Sunday.
Very prudently and without going into details, the spokesman for the White House, Jay Carney, said some days ago that the separation of Hollande and was until recently a partner, Valérie Trierweiler, does not represent a logistical problem to visit State.	For the banquet Tuesday, the White House had already printed invitations in which consisted the name of Hollande and Trierweiler.
The King is received near the door of the Royal Palace opens to the Armory Square by the Prime Minister, Mariano Rajoy, on arrival at the ceremony of solemn celebration of the Military Easter today presided, accompanied by Queen and the Prince of Asturias.	Sanchez Ceren won Sunday&#39;s vote, but without achieving half plus one of the votes and will face in the second round on March 9 rightist Norman Quijano.
According to RIA Novosti, the assailant is a 25-year-old who worked at a security agency and has already been arrested.	The man, 24, worked for a private security firm in the city and was armed with a rifle.
Copenhagen Zoo today sacrificed a giraffe two years claiming that he had to avoid future problems of consanguinity, despite intense public Internet campaign to save his life and the proposed alternatives.	Nothing have served thousands of signatures they have collected several popular online requests, complaints from several non-governmental organizations for the protection of animals and offers from other zoos, which were ready to welcome the preferred animal sacrifice Copenhagen.
Hollande will be Monday and Tuesday in Washington to happen next Wednesday in San Francisco, which will be the first state visit by a French president to the United States since 1996.	The unusual exit with a foreign leader Obama began two days of events for Hollande state visit to the United States.
&quot;It&#39;s an issue that we have discussed with President-elect Michelle Bachelet,&quot; he said from Cartagena de Indias, Colombia, where he is to participate in the Summit of the Pacific Alliance.	The president insisted that this issue &quot;is considering&quot; and has been &quot;talked to elect Michelle Bachelet president&quot;, who takes office on March 11.
The poster claims to be a Christian mystic order dedicated to protecting the population from the armed forces and police.	The detainee was involved in extortion and drug trafficking, according to the corporation.
The figure on the legacy of Mandela&#39;s estimate, since it excludes the benefits derived from image rights, said the judge Dikgang Moseneke, one of the three trustees of the will, 40 pages.	The legacy of former South African President Nelson Mandela is valued at 46 million rands (about three million), as confirmed by his executors to the press following the public reading of the will on Monday in Johannesburg.
The remaining percentages are distributed as five candidates, while 0.7% did not answer the telephone survey conducted by the firm Datexco among 1,620 people from 29 to 31 January last in five regions of the country and with a margin of error 2.4 percentage points.	Ipsos sample of 1,008 people consulted from 29 to 29 January in 13 cities nationwide and had a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points.
Iran agreed Sunday to cooperate with an investigation of the atomic agency UN supervision of its activities on the development of nuclear weapons, which could be an important achievement of protracted talks with the Islamic republic.	Atomic agency UN supervision hopes to convince Tehran to respond to suspicions about its uranium enrichment activities, which are believed to be aimed at developing atomic weapons.
On Saturday a further increase passage in Rio de Janeiro, sparking further protests this week in the city was applied.	Santiago Andrade was covering protests over the rising price of transportation in downtown Rio de Janeiro for the TV channel Band when he was hit by an explosive device thrown by protesters, said the police.
The Council of Foreign Ministers of the European Union today approved open the negotiation of an agreement on political dialogue and cooperation with Cuba to deepen relations, accompany the reforms undertaken by the island and encourage greater respect for human rights in the country.	The Council of Foreign Ministers of the European Union today gave the green light to start negotiating an agreement on political dialogue and cooperation with Cuba, in order to accompany the reforms on the island and support greater respect for human rights.
&quot;Freedom of expression is a fundamental principle of democracy and can never be used to kill, injure, attacking and threatening human lives, nor plundering public or private equity,&quot; Rousseff said in a series of messages on Twitter.	&quot;It is unacceptable that democratic protests look distorted by those who have no respect for human life.&quot;
Moreover, Tehran was to deliver information from their new research reactors and identification of 16 sites designated for the construction of new nuclear plants and clarify your ads on additional facilities for uranium enrichment and laser enrichment technology.	Iran agreed in November to deliver to the IAEA mutually agreed relevant information and allow international inspectors access Gachin mine in Bandar Abbas and production plant at Arak heavy water, in the east.
For the head of Iranian diplomacy, we must end the &quot;trust deficit&quot; mutual, forget illusions and show pragmatic and seek a &quot;balanced&quot; solution to the conflict over the nuclear program of his country. From Friday intervened in this forum, among others, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, Secretary of State, John Kerry, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, President of the European Council, Hermann Van Rompuy and Spanish Defense Minister Pedro Morenés. © EFE 2014.	From Friday they intervened in the MSC, along with Ban, Kerry and Zarif, other swords of foreign policy and international security, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, President of the European Council, Hermann Van Rompuy, and the Minister Spanish Defense Pedro Morenés.
Switzerland will restrict the entry of European workers to its labor market in February 303.	Therefore, the European Commission &quot;regrets&quot; the initiative to introduce quotas for restricting European immigration to its labor market.
Sebastian Pinera, who is about to finish his term as Chilean president, revealed at the recent Summit of the Pacific Alliance, held in Colombia that his country &quot;will have to evaluate whether it remains or is removed from the Pact of Bogotá&quot; .	He has said his country will consider withdrawing from the so-called Pact of Bogotá, which is what allows countries of the region to resolve their differences under the Hague Tribunal, which belongs to the United Nations.
Mandela left his estate, valued at $ 4.1 million, his wife Graca Michel, members of his family, several collaborators, schools and the African National Congress, the party in which militated lifetime, according with a summary of their wills revealed on Monday.	After a public reading of the will, Mandela bequeathed part of his heritage but also his family, his charities, his closest collaborators and his party, the African National Congress.
The head of the Secretariat of Mother Earth of the Government of Cochabamba, Cinthia Vargas, moved to the community and reported that the brigades zone rescue SAR-FAB, police, doctors and ambulances to care group was sent the survivors.	Moreover, the campaign of the Federation of Press Workers of Cochabamba held today counts gathering food, medicine and clothing for distribution since Wednesday.
The Swiss approved in a referendum by 50.3% of the vote, returning to limit the entry of citizens of countries of the European Union to its labor market by establishing annual installments within three years.	The Swiss have decided in a referendum again limit the entry of citizens of countries of the European Union to its labor market, through the establishment of annual fees to be implemented within three years.
The European Commission issued a statement in which he &quot;regrets&quot; the initiative, it found that the measure &quot;goes against the principle of freedom of movement between the EU and Switzerland&quot; and moved to &quot;examine the implications for bilateral relations.&quot;	Ahrenkilde stressed that &quot;the EU must review the political and legal implications&quot; and how it will affect relations between the two.
Options castration or reintroduction into the wild were discarded for their possible adverse effects and Marius moving to another center of the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria (EAZA) by genetic incompatibility.	A Swedish zoo said on Saturday the newspaper Expressen have unsuccessfully requested the transfer of Marius.
The vehicle that overturned carrying district staff. There are thirty people wounded and no fatalities, confirmed the Bogota Fire Department.	According to the report of the Fire Department, the bus crashed tourism, affiliated with the company Renetur SA, TTP 373 plates, carrying a group of officials from District 50 to 60 years old from the Ministry of Social Integration, IDIPRON, the District Comptroller, Mobility and Land Registry.
Parliament last week offered an amnesty for some of the detainees on the condition that protesters vacate the buildings that have occupied.	Among the concessions accepted by the president, Yanukovich last week approved the repeal of recent laws limiting the right to demonstrate and conditions offered an amnesty to activists who had been arrested during the riots.
The remaining percentages are distributed as five candidates, while 0.7% did not answer the telephone survey conducted by the firm Datexco among 1,620 people from 29 to 31 January last in five regions of the country and with a margin of error 2.4 percentage points.	Ipsos sample of 1,008 people consulted from 29 to 29 January in 13 cities nationwide and had a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points.
Aid has been arriving Sunday to the hardest hit areas of the city, after Saturday several attacks on humanitarian convoys of the United Nations and the Red Crescent were recorded, of which the Syrian regime and opposition accused each other .	They sacrifice a baby giraffe excess animals in the zoo - 4 hours ago 02.10.2014 Marius, 18 months was killed in Copenhagen despite the thousands of signatures against.
The initiative also violates the bilateral agreements with the EU and contradicts the free movement of persons between the EU and Switzerland.	Yesterday&#39;s result, plus fees, restores the principle of preference for domestic workers against overseas, which was abolished in 2002, under the agreement with the EU on the free movement of persons.
The agreement led to a reduction in the number of killings but failed to combat other high-impact crimes such as extortions and has been crossed from the right as a pact with criminals.	The agreement between the government of the current president, Mauricio Funes, and gangs to reduce violence in force since March 2012 has succeeded in reducing the number of homicides by almost half but other high-impact crimes such as extortions persist and has been heavily criticized from the right crossed the covenant with criminals.
Santiago de Chile, February 10 .- Chilean President Sebastian Pinera said today that Chile should evaluate their stay in the Pact of Bogotá after losing 22,000 square kilometers of sea that the International Court of Justice granted Peru and Bolivia doors that also present an appeal to that instance.	Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said the technology has the potential to significantly reduce accidents, injuries and deaths on the streets and highways of the nation.
Initiated by the far-right party, the proposal of the Democratic Centre Union, also resets the principle of preference for domestic workers against overseas, which was abolished for all workers from any of the countries of the European Union .	In addition, the outcome of the referendum, which had a participation of 56.5%, resets the preference for domestic workers against overseas, which did not apply to workers from the countries of the European Union.
Sanchez Ceren, the ruling Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front, won by 10 points Quijano, of the Nationalist Republican Alliance, but did not reach half plus one of the votes needed to win the elections by the Supreme Electoral Tribunal.	King assigns a fixed annual salary to the Queen and Princess Madrid, February 3 .- The King has decided to allocate from 2014 to the Queen and Princess of Asturias a fixed salary, as did the Prince, who in the if Dona Sofia is 45 percent of his and that of Letizia 35 percent, while Dona Elena will be limited representation costs of 25,000 euros.
However, after noon yesterday the news was denied by Francis himself, who according to news-portal telephoned her friend Alicia Barrios, a journalist Chronicle, to wish a happy birthday, and before a consultation it will confirm that the call to the dialogue table is &quot;all nonsense&quot;.	In a dialogue Francisco telephoned her friend Alicia Barrios, a journalist Chronicle, to wish her a happy birthday, and before a consultation she confirmed that the invitation to the dialogue table is &quot;all nonsense&quot;.
The New York City Police Department began testing Google Glass in order to help agents quickly available information on suspects, thanks to facial recognition techniques. &quot;The Department is making great advances in facial recognition technology.&quot;	The New York City Police Department, USA He began testing Google Glass smart glasses in order to help agents quickly available information on suspects, thanks to facial recognition techniques.
The demonstrators obstructed traffic in several streets of the city, near government headquarters to shout slogans like &quot;thieves out&quot;, &quot;We want laws&quot; or &quot;resignation&quot;, according to local media reports.	The congregation chanted &quot;thieves out&quot;, &quot;We want laws&quot; or &quot;resignations&quot; blocked traffic and one of the main arteries of the capital, reported the local media.
Apatzingan, Mexico. - Groups of self-defense forces have driven out the poster of the Knights Templar of several towns in western Mexico entered Saturday the city of Apatzingan, controlled by drug traffickers and worked with government forces to dislodge the gunmen of the criminal group, said a leader of the militias.	The self-defense forces have captured Saturday the brother of the leader of the Mexican cartel of the Knights Templar in the Mexican state of Michoacan, Antonio Plancarte, according to the Government of Mexico has confirmed.
The announcement of De Blasio has a particular meaning in the midst of endless debate in the United States to approve the reform.	However, the economy of the Central European country is in a buoyant time, unemployment at less than 4% and employers consider that the entry into force of the agreement with the EU had a posiitivo impact on the Swiss labor market since tightened controls and guarantees for all workers.
Pope Francisco today convened representatives from government, the business community and the Argentine unions to a dialogue in the Vatican, facing wage negotiations and in a scenario of depreciation of the peso and inflation.	Yesterday several news media reported that Pope Francis had invited representatives of government, business, and the Argentine unionism to a dialogue in the Vatican, facing the joint.
Smack in Denmark by the sacrifice of Marius baby giraffe zoo openhague Despite allegations of animal advocates and other zoo offers in Copenhagen decided to kill Marius, two years.	The institution of the European country, justified the sacrifice arguing that it was a decision to &quot;avoid future problems of consanguinity because the aim of the zoo is to ensure that the best genes are passed on to future generations, thus preserving long-term survival of the species welcome &quot;he cites ABC.es., despite the complaints and online campaigns animal advocates and other zoo offers for Marius. tiquetas
The ruling National Liberation Party was punished today&#39;s presidential election in Costa Rica when he was forced to face a runoff in the Citizen Action Party, center-left, who surprisingly won in the first round.	Luis Guillermo Solis of the Citizens Action Party has given the big surprise in the presidential elections in Costa Rica, held yesterday.
In the discussions, Iran was represented by Reza Najafi, his envoy to the IAEA, while the team of UN nuclear watchdog was led by the deputy director general of the organization, Tero Varjoranta, the agency added.	&quot;We hope that in the current climate of cooperation, the IAEA Director General present a positive agreement with the board of governors,&quot; he added.
&quot;We can use the iron level of a star as a &#39;clock&#39; that tells us when the star was formed,&quot; he adds.	&quot;In the case of the star that we have identified, the amount of iron present is less than one millionth of the sun and a factor of at least 60 times less than any other star known.
After the death of Andrade, several associations and media professionals issued statements in which they demanded measures by the authorities to identify those responsible for the tragedy and avoid similar cases in the future.	Fabio Raposo, 22, was arrested at his parents&#39; home in Rio and will be charged with attempted murder, the Civil Police reported AFP.
Najafi said that the agreement foresees a visit to the Saghand uranium mine and mill uranium production concentrated Ardakan, in the center.	The two sides &quot;reviewed progress in the implementation of six practical measures agreed three months ago,&quot; said the statement, which notes that the seven new measures agreed include providing information &quot;mutually agreed&quot; and &quot;controlled access&quot; to the uranium mine Saghand , located in Yazd, in central Iran.
This is no time to establish a bilateral relationship by the EU with the Government of Cuba that does not respect human rights &quot;and&quot; must demand that respect, &quot;according to the&quot; Ladies in White &quot;group that received the 2005&quot; Sakharov prize &quot;awarded by the European Parliament to recognize the defense of human rights.	That is the scheme that the girl table the CGT take this week to meet with Cristina Kirchner, would be on Wednesday.
Australian astronomers find &quot;the oldest star in the Universe&quot; According to scientists, this celestial body was formed &quot;only&quot; a few hundred million years after the Big Bang.	This celestial body formed &quot;only&quot; a few hundred million years after the Big Bang, the origin of the birth of the universe, according to experts.
Voters of former President Elias Antonio Saca in yesterday&#39;s elections in El Salvador have become the key to decide the winner of the presidential elections, they admitted today the two rival candidates who have passed the second round.	Voters of former President Elias Antonio Saca in elections this Sunday in El Salvador will be the key to defining who the next president, admitted today the two candidates who passed the second round.
The famous South African heritage be divided among family members, close associates of the schools where he studied and the African National Congress, his party, currently remains in government.	In addition to his relatives, Mandela bequeathed part of his estate to his closest collaborators in the dark years of apartheid, educational institutions that already formed his party, the government today African National Congress in the hands of the controversial Jacob Zuma.
Cartes, who took power last August the hand of the Colorado Party, said democratic progress in the last 25 years, while recognizing &quot;the deficit of a prolonged transition&quot;, marked by corruption scandals and &quot;disturbing poverty &quot;.	&quot;Today it is necessary that the historical parties recognize that at some point in our history were accomplices of arbitrary, authoritarian regimes or adventurers&quot; added Velazquez.
Transportation officials estimate that the new technology could prevent up to 80% of accidents that do not involve drunk drivers or mechanical failures.	Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said the technology has the potential to significantly reduce accidents, injuries and deaths on the streets and highways of the nation.
However, protesters are now demanding a constitutional reform as a priority to return to the constitution of 2004, which reduced presidential powers in favor of parliament and government.	The opposition claims first constitutional reform to return to the constitution of 2004, and reduce the president&#39;s powers in favor of parliament and government.
In addition, the issue that generated the protests remains unresolved: Yanukovych&#39;s refusal to join an agreement that Ukraine would intensify ties with the European Union.	The country, in very bad financial situation, deprived of European aid to resign in late November to an association agreement with the European Union, which triggered protests in the street.
About 70 thousand people gathered in Kiev against President Viktor Yanukovich, who in recent days traveled to Sochi to meet with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin.	Tension continues in Ukraine, and the situation is getting increasingly worse.
The man, identified as Jose Ivan, departed from Mexico in late 2012 in a fishing expedition shark in El Salvador with a companion, who allegedly died a few months ago the high seas.	According to the man, he left Mexico in late 2012 on an expedition to catch sharks in the waters of El Salvador along with a companion, Ezequiel, who allegedly died at sea.
According to his account, he sailed from Mexico on December 24, 2012 by a fellow named Xiquel in a small fiberglass boat, of about 7.3 meters.	The discovery was made on the shores of Marshall Islands and, according to the testimony of man, his journey began on December 21, 2012 in Mexico, when it went on a day of fishing with a buddy who is only identified as Ezequiel, a young man he described between 15 and 18 years.
On the issue of women priests, the opposition is 30% among European Catholics and 36% of Americans, compared with 80% in Africa and 76% in the Philippines, the country with the largest Catholic population in Asia.	The opposition of the Church on gay marriage is shared by 99% of African Catholics, against 40% of Americans.
Copenhagen Zoo said on Sunday that he would sleep called Marius the animal to avoid inbreeding.	Against Penalosa, still hopeful of the Green Alliance, Santos would win with 38.5% of the vote, while former mayor Bogota would get 29.6%.
The technique of the Geophysical Institute, Fernanda Naranjo, said that &quot;the volcano&#39;s activity is high, and has been maintained and that activity has been characterized in the morning and Monday morning by strong explosive episodes, we also have continuous ash emissions, which have It has been mainly north of the volcano. &quot;	&quot;The Ukrainian president is well, and intends to return to work on Monday,&quot; the official statement of the Presidency.
The same opinion said Pedro Corzo, director of the Institute of Historical Memory Cubana against Totalitarianism, who charged the negotiation of political dialogue and EU cooperation with Cuba, an agreement criticized, reached &quot;without which are produced real changes in island &quot;on respect for freedoms.	The director of the Institute of Cuban Historical Memory against Totalitarianism, Pedro Corzo, also targeted against the EU agreement was reached because &quot;no real changes have occurred on the island&quot; on respect for freedoms.
Transportation officials estimate that the new technology could prevent up to 80% of accidents that do not involve drunk drivers or mechanical failures.	Establishment authorities said they killed the animal to avoid future genetic problems.
A year after his surprise resignation, Benedict XVI does not regret his decision and believes the story reinvindicará his turbulent and often criticized papacy, the closest the pope emeritus man said in an interview with Reuters.	A year after his surprise resignation, Pope Benedict XVI now Emeritus no regrets about his decision and believes the story reinvindicará his turbulent and often criticism papacy, said in an interview the closest to Joseph Ratzinger man.
French President François Hollande, will make tomorrow the first state visit of a French president to the United States from 1996 to relaunch his counterpart, Barack Obama, the economy and international cooperation.	Originally scheduled for the presidential couple, the protocol of the visit has had to adapt to an agent without an official partner, something the French president wants to keep after the press revealed his relationship with actress Julie Gayet, which eventually put so your partner.
In the afternoon yesterday, amid the fiery speeches of opposition leaders echoing in the Plaza de la Independencia, the presidency issued a statement to inform the president will return to its role today.	Chilean President is considering sending a letter of protest to Peru Chilean President is considering sending a letter of protest to Peru Chilean President Sebastian Pinera he said today studying sending a letter of protest to Peru, after the publication of a map in that country a land of 3.7 hectares triangle, after knowing the judgment of the International Court of Justice awarded.
Copenhagen Zoo today sacrificed a giraffe two years claiming that he had to avoid future problems of consanguinity, despite intense public Internet campaign to save his life and the proposed alternatives.	Environmentalists and protesting the killing and subsequently skinning of the giraffe Marius, two years, in order, according to the administration of the zoo, to avoid future problems of consanguinity.
The dismembered body of the animal was used to feed the wild animals of the park.	He left with a fellow named Ezequiel Córdoba, 24, who died during the journey, unable to bear the staple diet of raw fish, bird and turtle, and whose body threw overboard said the survivor. - HOW you survive?
US presidents, Barack Obama, and France, François Hollande, focus the talks that begin today with a visit to the residence of Thomas Jefferson, on the security challenges in Iran, Syria and Africa, as well as on roads to strengthen economic cooperation.	On Tuesday, the two leaders will meet again in the Oval Office, then they offer a joint press conference and finally, Hollande will be feted by Obama with a gala dinner at the White House.
Monticello &quot;reflects Jefferson&#39;s affection for the people of France&quot;, where he was ambassador between 1785 and 1789, as well as shared values ​​such as &quot;life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness,&quot; according to the White House.	&quot;Monticello Jefferson reflects the affection by the people of France, relations between our two democracies, and the shared values ​​we hold dear: life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness,&quot; the White House said in announcing the visit.
By a narrow margin of just 0.3%, Swiss voters approved in a referendum today back to old system to limit the entry of workers in the EU, as it does in the case of all other countries.	The Swiss approved Sunday in a referendum by 50.3% of the vote, returning to limit the entry of citizens of countries of the European Union to its labor market by establishing annual installments within three years.
Caregivers of a zoo in Denmark have killed a baby giraffe to avoid inbreeding among different species of the enclosure and then have served their remains to the lions so that they serve as food.	The dismembered body of the animal is used to feed the wild animals of the park.
Barazi and volunteers from the Red Crescent are working to extend the operation beyond this Sunday, the last day of the cease-fire to the city agreed between military forces and fighters.	In recent days Alvarenga was held in a hotel in Majuro, surrounded by security measures and with little contact with the outside world.
The program of The Sixth emits an ironic video PP leaders using Google Glass.	In assembling the television space we can see the first order that the former president of the Community of Madrid gives the Google Glass: Take a picture.
In a short list with the candidates of the left, Santos would get 42.1% of the vote versus 26.8% Clara Lopez, while Avella collect only 16.8% of the vote compared to 45.3% the current president.	The composition of the new star shows that formed following a primordial star that was 60 times the mass of the sun.
The animal was killed by a shot from a pistol bolt, used to slaughter cattle, after discarding the use of lethal injection, which had polluted their flesh, as it is intended that their remains be used for research and as food for other carnivorous animals that inhabit this Danish zoo. You may also like.	The animal was killed by a shot from a pistol bolt, after the use of lethal injection, which had contaminated his flesh is in disregarding, as it is intended that the remains are used not only for research but also to feed carnivores the zoo. comment 19 Sharing.
According to the Syrian official news agency Sana, the delegation of the UN and the Red Crescent has drawn from these neighborhoods surrounded more than 600 women, children and men over 55 years from the start of mining operations last Friday.	According to the Syrian official news agency Sana, the delegation of the UN and Red Crescent pulled out of those neighborhoods surrounded a new group of 112 people, all children, women and the elderly.
Tomka indicates the Court must determine the starting point of the maritime boundary, ie, the point Hito Concordia or No. 1.	According to Peruvian arguments, the land boundary starts at the point Concordia and not in the Hito No. 1.
When notice was given to the police and officers arrived, the kidnapper fired wounding two of them, one of whom died later.	When they reached the place the police, the captor shot and wounded two of them, one of whom died later.
Also it reported the death of 40 people, the latest victim, a girl, in the town of Guanay &quot;explained the authority.	The last deceased was a child of the municipality of Guanay, that was this morning, &quot;said Saavedra.
Caregivers of a zoo in Denmark have killed a baby giraffe to avoid inbreeding among different species of the enclosure and then have served their remains to the lions so that they serve as food.	This has outraged thousands of citizens who have signed petitions to not reached the end of sacrificing the animal.
The EC, through his spokeswoman Pia Ahrenkilde, said today that &quot;the message is clear: the freedom of movement of people is a sacred freedom in the EU, and is one of the four we stand&quot;.	&quot;The message is very clear: freedom of movement of people is a sacred freedom in the EU, and is one of the four we defend,&quot; said EC spokesman Pia Ahrenkilde at a press conference, referring to the freedoms the EU considers fundamental to its domestic market: the movement of people, capital, goods and services.
His companion, Ezekiel Córdoba, 23, who had gone fishing with him, died four months after leaving the Mexican coast, explained Alvarenga.	According to published Infobae, he had contaminated injection giraffe meat, which is then used to feed other carnivores.
The animal was butchered in front of a group of children and later his remains were given feed the lions.	Thus after killing giraffe, his lifeless body was dismembered in front of visitors including children, and then their meat as food was thrown to the lions.
Zoo employees used a pneumatic gun instead of a lethal injection so that the meat was not contaminated and could well serve as food for carnivores enclosure.	The animal was killed by a shot from a pistol bolt, after the use of lethal injection, which had contaminated his flesh is in disregarding, as it is intended that the remains are used not only for research but also to feed carnivores the zoo. comment 19 Sharing.
Member States shall authorize the head of EU diplomacy, Catherine Ashton, and the European Commission to open negotiations.	&quot;These negotiations will help strengthen our engagement with Cuba,&quot; said EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, Catherine Ashton, shortly after taking the decision to start bilateral dialogue.
&quot;We should not hide these and other shortcomings, but frontally combat with all the strength of our patriotism and determination,&quot; said the President, but did not direct victims of the dictatorship mention.	&quot;We should not hide those and other shortcomings but frontally combat with all the strength of our patriotism and determination,&quot; the president said at a ceremony in Congress commemorating the 25th anniversary of the fall of the longest dictatorship in Latin America.
&quot;We signed up, received a pair of Google Glass, and we are testing them to see if they have any value in research, mostly to patrol,&quot; said an official VentureBeat.	&quot;We signed, we got a few pairs of Google Glasses, and we&#39;re testing to see if they have any value in research, mainly to patrol,&quot; VentureBeat quoted an officer of the force remained anonymous.
The EU broke Monday in the confrontation between the opposition and President Yanukovych, announcing that prepares with the United States and the IMF on a major program of financial assistance for Ukraine.	For its part, Washington confirmed it is in talks with the European Union to develop a financial aid package for Ukraine.
Andrade was admitted to the ICU of Souza Aguiar Hospital in downtown Rio de Janeiro, by a head injury.	Andrade, who remains hospitalized in the Intensive Treatment Souza Aguiar Municipal Hospital, had been submitted last Friday to an emergency operation after entering into a coma.
The victims included at least 217 civilians died in the crossfire in the fighting, in attacks and the impact of mortar shells.	Within this figure there is at least 23 citizens who were executed by the Islamic State.
&quot;Today it is necessary that the historical parties recognize that at some point in our history were accomplices of arbitrary, authoritarian regimes or adventurers&quot; added Velazquez. cartes-1170- In turn, the Paraguayan president, Horacio Cartes, stressed the democratic progress made in the last 25 years, but acknowledged &quot;the deficit of a prolonged transition&quot;, marked by corruption scandals and &quot;disturbing poverty&quot;.	Cartes, who took power last August the hand of the Colorado Party, said democratic progress in the last 25 years, while recognizing &quot;the deficit of a prolonged transition&quot;, marked by corruption scandals and &quot;disturbing poverty &quot;.
WASHINGTON Relations between the United States and France now living unimaginable ten years have left behind one of its worst crisis in 200 years of relationship now, today recognized the presidents Barack Obama and Francois Hollande. &quot;A decade ago few would have imagined our two countries working so closely in many ways,&quot; they said both leaders in an opinion piece published Monday set in The Washington Post and Le Monde.	Preamble of this meeting, Hollande and US President Barack Obama issued a call for an ambitious agreement on climate change in a joint article published Monday by the daily Le Monde and The Washington Post, AFP reported.
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera confirm avoided sending a protest note to Peru following the controversy over the sovereignty of the &quot;land triangle&quot; following the ruling of the International Court of Justice in The Hague.	According to the Treaty of 1929, the land border begins at Point Concordia, though Santiago is considered from Hito; President of Chile, Sebastian Pinera, confirmed that his government sent a protest note to Peru by the &quot;terrestrial triangle&quot;, an issue that has been put on the agenda after the ruling of the International Court of Justice in The Hague regarding the maritime boundary between the two countries.
The Japanese Meteorological Agency maintains that this was the biggest drop snow on the Japanese capital in the last 45 years.	At least 13 people died and over 1,700 were injured as a result of the worst snowstorm in decades that hit the central Japan, reported the local press.
The regional authority said that the incident occurred during Saturday night and as part of the tasks of care for those affected are housed in tents ten families with the respective provision of victuals.	For its part, the information office of the mayor of the municipality, explained that the avalanche Saturday night was recorded in the small rural community of Chullpacasa Chico, near the town of Morochata, in the foothills of the Andes in the capital of Cochabamba.
The Court holds that the maritime boundary between the parties extends 80 nautical miles from the starting point.	The ICJ, however, did not specify the exact coordinates of the diagonal linking point of 80 miles in parallel with another point to 200 miles from the Chilean coast.
New York, February 7 .- The New York City Police Department began testing Google Glass in order to help agents quickly available information on suspects, thanks to facial recognition techniques, as confirmed today the head of body.	Instant data on possible suspects through facial recognition capabilities including the new device search giant is what the police chasing New York City, United States.
Secretary of State for Economic Affairs of Switzerland has confirmed that European immigration has reduced the rate of aging of the population and alleviate the problem of financing of social benefits.	The text of the initiative approved ambiguously warns that &quot;the right of long-term stay may be limited,&quot; like &quot;family reunification&quot; and &quot;social benefits&quot;.
Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency ended nuclear talks today with a new cooperation agreement seven points.	It is expected that new points of agreement are aimed at increasing transparency of Iran&#39;s nuclear program.
A young Marseillais was sentenced to one year in prison for mistreating a cat hanging filmed the scene and recording on the Internet.	A young man has been sentenced to a year in jail for mistreating a cat, recorded the scene and uploaded the video to the Internet.
Giraffe was sacrificed by a gun peron, to avoid contamination of the meat and thus to feed other animals. - An online petition to save the life of a young giraffe failed despite gather thousands of signatures.	Despite the bombings and shootings, Crescent has managed to distribute 250 food parcels and 190 hygiene products and medicines.
The former mayor of Bogotá Enrique Peñalosa, who still struggle to get the endorsement of the Green Alliance in an internal consultation, is fourth with 7.1 percent, while Clara Lopez, the candidate of the Polo, has 6 percent.	Senator Camilo Romero, who is also on the Green Alliance, achieved in the survey 1.2% of the vote.
Tonight dinner plans with fellow and director of the IMF, Christine Lagarde and World Bank president, Jim Yong Kim South Korea.	In the economic sphere, Hollande will have dinner Monday at the home of France with the general director of the International Monetary Fund, Christine Lagarde and World Bank President, American Jim Yong Kim.
Odyssey Alvarenga, which seems out of &quot;The Story of a Shipwrecked Sailor&quot; by Gabriel García Márquez, raises more than a week ago great interest worldwide.	A year later, García Márquez published in the same newspaper The Story of a Shipwrecked Sailor, a series of fourteen chronicled the wreck of the destroyer ARC Caldas, based on interviews with Luis Alejandro Velasco, young sailor who survived the shipwreck.
According to research, the SMSS 0313-6708 was 6,000 light years from Earth, which is considered quite close in astronomical terms.	The star, named smss j031300.36-670839.3, is located in the Milky Way galaxy about 6,000 light years from Earth, a distance that is &quot;relatively close in astronomical terms&quot; to Keller.
The head of the IAEA, Ali Akbar Salehi, said this week that Iran would be willing to make &quot;some changes in the plans to produce less plutonium,&quot; but insisted that it is a research reactor.	In response to these concerns, the head of the IAEA, Ali Akbar Salehi, said this week that Iran is ready to &quot;make some changes in the plans to produce less plutonium,&quot; but repeated that Arak is a research reactor.
The Luxembourg minister also said that there are many jobs and much of the trade between the EU and Switzerland depend on the relationship between the two parties.	&quot;This goes against the principle of free movement of persons between the EU and Switzerland.
Last Saturday, vigilante groups joined in the afternoon to Apatzingan, Michoacan, the main bastion of the criminal organization Knights Templar.	That same day, the Beltran himself asked that the money be distributed among the neediest sectors of the state, and insisted that &quot;nothing will stop investing if not the main leaders of the criminal group of Knights Templar.&quot;
However, the argument of serious macroeconomic impact that could have come into a renegotiation with the EU was not enough to calm the fears of the population.	However, the economy of the Central European country is in a buoyant time, unemployment at less than 4% and employers consider that the entry into force of the agreement with the EU had a posiitivo impact on the Swiss labor market since tightened controls and guarantees for all workers.
Incumbent President Horacio Cartes declared war on poverty, which affects nearly 60% of the population, about 6.5 million people.	The party that held the dictatorship is the same party that the next day said, we support democracy, &quot;he told Efe Antonio Pecci, Coordinator of the Bureau of Historical Memory, a coalition of human rights organizations.
The president of Uruguay, Jose Mujica, met in Havana last week with the peace delegation of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, as confirmed by a spokesman of the guerrilla.	Negotiators, led by former vice president Humberto de la Calle, are scheduled from 19:30 GMT on to the Cuban capital, home to the delegates of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia since the dialogue began looking for peace in November 2012.
Thus, in full crisis in Spain for five years and has caused five million people are out of work, it was known that the queen charged this year 131,739 euros gross per year, and Princess of Asturias 102,464 euros, amount to which the withholding tax applies.	For the first time, it has been made public endowments receive the Queen this year: 131,739 euros gross per year, and the Princess of Asturias, 102,464 euros.
President Santos announced that countries like Finland, Singapore, Israel and Morocco have expressed their intention to participate as observers of the Pacific Alliance.	Santos recalled that currently there are 25 observer countries, and governments such as Israel, Singapore and Morocco have expressed join the group of observers from the Pacific Alliance.
Mandela&#39;s legacy also includes a powerful political and moral brand that some of his grandchildren and great-grandchildren have used to market everything from clothing to a reality TV.	More visibly, his legacy includes a political and moral brand with enormous potential that some of his grandchildren and great-grandchildren have already used to sell all kinds of things, from clothes to &#39;reality shows&#39; on television.
Majuro - The Salvadoran castaway José Salvador Alvarenga still waiting on Sunday, held at a hotel in the Marshall Islands and protected by bodyguards, to return home.	Alvarenga appeared on the shores of the Marshall Islands late last month and told his amazing story of survival.
The Foreign Ministry issued a statement in which he explained that the ambassador of Mexico in the Philippines, Julio Camarena, contacted the castaway well as various authorities of that archipelago, including Foreign Minister Phillip Muller.	Because in initial reports identified the castaway as a Mexican national, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mexico reported that the Mexican ambassador to the Philippines, Julio Camarena, contacted the castaway well as various authorities of that archipelago, including the Foreign Minister Phillip Muller.
This is an important turning point in bilateral relations because it is called to replace the common position that the EU adopted in 1996 -a request of the Spanish government of Jose Maria Aznar, but will not in practice a substantial change in European policy towards the island, according to European sources explained.	Indeed, the negotiations will start remains in effect while the &quot;common position&quot; -the unilateral policy imposed by the EU towards Cuba in 1996 to Spanish Government&#39;s proposal conservative José María Aznar, a &quot;guarantee&quot; required by several Member States to maintain the same policy towards Havana in the event that the talks do not give the expected results.
USA had offered to send his representative to North Korea, Robert King, to negotiate the release of Bae and expressed regret over the resolution, &quot;we are deeply disappointed by the decision of North Korea - for the second time - has canceled his invitation to travel to Pyongyang to King to discuss the release of Kenneth Bae. &quot;	&quot;We are very disappointed by the decision of North Korea for the second time to cancel the invitation to King to travel to Pyongyang to discuss the release of Bae&quot; they have indicated these sources.
Last farewell to Mandela Africa inaugurate a statue of Mandela nine meter africa wants eliminate the rabbit&#39;s ear Mandela will Lavapies Square in Johannesburg.	The South African president Nelson Mandela has left a legacy valued at 46 million rands 3.05 million euros, 4.1 million dollars, said Monday the trustees of his will at a news conference in Johannesburg.
San Jose, February 3 .- The US Embassy in Costa Rica congratulated the presidential candidate Johnny Araya and Luis Guillermo Solis for success in Sunday&#39;s election, which will meet in a runoff on April 6.	For the second time in the history of the Central American country, the presidential candidates will face a runoff, since none got 40% of votes necessary to proclaim himself president.
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera said today that Chile should evaluate their permanence in the Pact of Bogotá after losing 22,000 square kilometers of sea that the International Court of Justice granted Peru and doors that Bolivia submit an appeal also to that instance.	&quot;It is the hand of steel Putin which has taken Yanukovich by the balls,&quot; said Lutsenko before the crowd gathered in the Plaza de la Independencia.
It was the first time made an operating shoulder to shoulder with militants who in January signed an agreement with the government and enrolled in the institutional Rural Defenses Army.	These arrests are the result of an operation carried out on Saturday when federal forces first worked jointly with militants who in January signed an agreement with the federal government and enlisted in the Army institutional Rural Defense.
Similarly, the survey reveals that there are still 14.1 percent of people who although they intend to vote in the first round, have not yet decided for whom to do it: &quot;This lets us see what is so far being defined candidates, who still takes time and people not yet connected to any of the candidates of the opposition, &quot;said Cesar Valderrama, director of Datexco.	The percentage of blank ballots and undecided &quot;which lets us see is that so far are being defined candidates, who still takes time and people not yet connected to any of the candidates of the opposition,&quot; he told the newspaper Weather César Valderrama, director of Datexco.
On the morning of February 11, 2013, Joseph Ratzinger surprised the world by uttering his papal resignation in Latin, during a meeting with cardinals of the Roman Curia.	In the letter, stamped and header that says &quot;Pontifex emeritus Benedictus XVI&quot; emeritus pope, who on February 11, 2013 shocked the world by renouncing the papacy, also he said he remains &quot;a friendship heart&quot; with his successor, Francisco.
A wounded camera at a rally in Rio de Janeiro has become the first fatality in the media who have covered the protests erupted in Brazil to celebrate the World Cup.	On Saturday a further increase passage in Rio de Janeiro, sparking further protests this week in the city was applied.
&quot;We can use the iron level of a star as a &#39;clock&#39; that tells us when the star was formed,&quot; he adds.	&quot;In the case of the star that we have identified, the amount of iron present is less than one millionth of the sun and a factor of at least 60 times less than any other star known.
The rare times when Alvarenga appeared in public since Friday did surrounded by a group of volunteers, who remain in his room and help him fulfill his desire not to talk to the press about his ordeal at sea.	A rocket attack and shooting at several vehicles of the Red Crescent, and other logistical problems, frustrated the hopes of neighbors.
A big snow that falls in the eastern part of Japan since Saturday has caused major problems in transport, including road accidents that left four dead.	A big snow that falls in the eastern part of Japan since Saturday has caused major problems in transport, including road accidents causing ten deaths, and other mishaps that have resulted in one fatality and one seriously injured.
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera confirm avoided sending a protest note to Peru following the controversy over the sovereignty of the &quot;land triangle&quot; following the ruling of the International Court of Justice in The Hague.	Cartagena de Indias - President of Chile, Sebastian Pinera, revealed today that his government has sent a protest note to our country by the &quot;emerging differences on sovereignty in a portion of land on the border&quot; after known failure International Court of Justice in the Hague, which set the maritime borders between the two countries.
He also left approximately $ 300,000 for each of the sons of Graça Machel, his third wife, who although has 90 days to contest the act of will and renounced property belonging to him.	He also put in his will to the children of his widow Graca Machel, whom he married 80 years.
Meanwhile, the Red Crescent said last night that despite shelling and shooting, which wounded at least one of its members, managed to distribute 250 food parcels and 190 hygiene products and medicines.	But while yesterday the humanitarian convoy had to leave the city after distributing only 250 food parcels and 190 hygiene products and medicines, today managed to get in and out of the city to evacuate more than 600 civilians and distribute more humanitarian aid for those who still in it.
The waters of the Thames river is at its highest level since the last eighties, due to the intensity of the rains of recent weeks in England, reported the British Environmental Agency.	Thames grows at the highest level in decades by the storm.
A 22-year demonstrator was arrested Sunday at his house after having confessed he had in his hands the flare that struck the cameraman.	Fabio Raposo, 22 a protester arrested on Sunday for having in his hands the flare that struck the cameraman, who was identified in a photograph the alleged perpetrator of the shooting, in exchange for a reduction of his sentence, said Luciano.
Chile and Peru abided by the decision of The Hague and already started negotiations to implement the application of the new limit, which recognizes a parallel line from the Chilean coast, but only until mile 80.	The delimitation will be according to the decision of the ICJ, which remained the parallel line border defending Chile, but only made it to mile 80.
An armed man who allegedly worked as a security guard killed Sunday two people and wounded six others in the cathedral of Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, capital of the Russian island of Sakhalin, according to the local diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church.	A gunman killed two people Sunday and wounded six others in the cathedral of Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, capital of the Russian island of Sakhalin, the Pacific, according to the local diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church.
New York, February 7 .- The New York City Police Department began testing Google Glass in order to help agents quickly available information on suspects, thanks to facial recognition techniques, as confirmed today the head of body.	The New York City Police Department requested and received several pairs of glasses of augmented reality of Google, and is trying to patrol the streets, according to the specialized site VentureBeat.
The president of the Iranian atomic organization, Ali Akbar Salehi, said yesterday that Iran could consider including &quot;some technical changes&quot; in the heavy water reactor in Arak, which is still under construction, but insisted that will remain a reactor of heavy water and he refused to become one of light water national IRNA Iranian news agency reported today.	The head of the IAEA, Ali Akbar Salehi, said this week that Iran would be willing to make &quot;some changes in the plans to produce less plutonium,&quot; but insisted that it is a research reactor.
&quot;We have formalized nothing but I&#39;m sure that both leaders are to give a space to discuss and exchange views and relations in general between Chile and Peru,&quot; said Chilean Foreign Minister Alfredo Moreno, from Cartagena to means of their country.	&quot;We have formalized nothing but I&#39;m sure that both leaders are to give a space to discuss and exchange views and relations in general between Chile and Peru,&quot; he said Moreno told reporters accompanying the Chilean delegation to the summit.
The cameraman was struck by an explosive device in the head, which launched a demonstrator, and suffered a collapse of the skull.	Santiago Andrade was covering protests over the rising price of transportation in downtown Rio de Janeiro for the TV channel Band when he was hit by an explosive device thrown by protesters, said the police.
Cuba authorities indicated that &quot;everything could be on the table,&quot; including human rights.	It is &quot;to find how we can practice in promoting human rights, all human rights&quot; on the island, said Portocarero.
According to the website of the University, the star was formed shortly after the Big Bang, 13.7 billion years ago.	The discovery, change the last frontier reached by researchers from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid, who argue that almost all galaxies formed their stars some 8,000 million years ago.
Thus, the judge meets the established process, as the fourth of the Criminal Chamber of the Audiencia Nacional section urged him last November to arrest warrants shall be issued by five.	Thus, the judge disobeys the order of the fourth section of the Criminal Division of the National Court, which last November urged Moreno was coursing arrest warrants for five against the opinion of the magistrate, who until today had not followed this mandate of the court.
Araya dragged wear two consecutive governments of PLN, especially management Chinchilla, criticized by corruption scandals and management of the economy, which closed 2010 with a fiscal deficit of 5.4% and a public debt of 50% of GDP.	Unsuccessful, Araya tried to distance himself from the criticism of the management of Chinchilla, considered the most unpopular government in the last 20 years, criticized by corruption scandals and economic management, with a fiscal deficit of 5.4% and a debt public of 50% of GDP.
Until Sunday afternoon, a record 33 centimeters of snow had fallen in Chiba, east of Tokyo, the highest level since records began to take records of snowfall in 1966, according to a report by the state news agency Kyodo.	A white blanket of 27 cm thick coated Tokyo, something not seen for some 45 years, the Japanese meteorological agency.
Transportation officials estimate that the new technology could prevent up to 80% of accidents that do not involve drunk drivers or mechanical failures.	Chile signed the Pact of Bogotá of 1948, which gives the ICJ jurisdiction to resolve disputes between nations adhere to the agreement.
In addition, Catatumbo denied that the maximum FARC leader Timoleon Jimenez &quot;Timoshenko&quot; is or has been secretly in Cuba, as on Sunday the Colombian presidential candidate Óscar Iván Zuluaga, belonging to the party of former President Alvaro Uribe said.	The insurgent group also denied that its top leader, Rodrigo Londoño Echeverri, &quot;Timoshenko&quot; has been in Havana, in response to a statement by the Colombian presidential candidate Óscar Iván Zuluaga, the uribista Democratic Center.
&quot;We can say without fear of our determination to move toward something that is much more than a free trade agreement,&quot; added Santos.	He described this integration mechanism Santos noting that more than a free trade agreement, the Pacific Alliance has resulted in actions and decisions that positively impact the four countries.
&quot;The storm front is on the left of the image, where you can distinguish greater turbulence displayed in white.	Cassini measured the temperature of the storm, and detected a rapid increase when it began to release energy in the atmosphere: &quot;The storm grew so much that if he were on earth would cover all of Europe.
&quot;The four countries are convinced of the need to promote a more inclusive economic growth and we see in the free movement of goods, services, capital and people, the way to achieve it,&quot; he explained.	According to Jana, as important as tariff reduction, &quot;it will be the four countries will further deepen and develop the five pillars which are basically the free movement of goods, services, capital, people and of course, cooperation&quot;.
The initiative also violates the bilateral agreements with the EU and contradicts the free movement of persons between the EU and Switzerland.	It is something that has no place in the agreement on the free movement of persons &quot;between the EU and Switzerland, European sources said they also said&quot; if unilaterally imposed, then the Swiss Confederation has violated the treaty &quot;.
In that connection, he highlighted that the president elected in second round Costa Ricans next April 6 stay the course charted by the president of her country, Laura Chinchilla, who today signed the declaration of accession to the Pacific Alliance, formed by Chile, Colombia, Mexico and Peru.	The minister said the Costa Rican president who choose next April 6 stay the course charted by Chinchilla in trade and commitments to the Pacific Alliance.
The EU defends its decision because it believes that an agreement of this kind would &quot;strengthen the EU-Cuba relationship and would provide a solid framework for constructive dialogue and enhanced cooperation.&quot;	The Council was convinced that a bilateral agreement would &quot;strengthen EU-Cuba&quot; and &quot;would provide a solid framework for constructive dialogue and enhanced cooperation.&quot;
The concentration held in the emblematic Independence Square in the capital, has been intervened traditional prayers and the opposition leaders to ask his followers to &quot;learn to forgive and pray for the wounded and prisoners.&quot;	Yanukovych asks army to take &quot;measures&quot; urgent calls &quot;irresponsible&quot; opposition to follow the &quot;escalation&quot;
The European Union announced Monday the preparation with the United States and the International Monetary Fund of a financial aid package for Ukraine, immersed in its worst crisis since independence, on the eve of a new visit by the head of European diplomacy Kiev.	The European Union announced Monday the preparation, alongside the US, a financial aid package for Ukraine, immersed in its worst crisis since independence, coinciding with the return to work of President Viktor Yanukovych, after a short illness.
The management of the institution has argued that Marius, two years, must be killed because the aim of the zoo is to ensure that the best genes are passed on to future generations, thus preserving long-term survival of the species they shelter.	A zoo in the Danish city of Copenhagen sacrificed Sunday to a healthy giraffe two years claiming they wanted to ensure that the best genes to pass on to future generations, thus preserving long-term survival of the species possess.
Allocations this year, the king will receive a total of 292 000 752 euros, of which 140 thousand euros are paid 519, 233 and 152 thousand euros for expenses.	Queen Sofia will receive an allocation of 131 000 739 euros, of which 63,000 are paid 234 euros, 505 euros and 68,000 for expenses.
Andrade last Thursday covering a violent protest against the rising cost of public transport in the vicinity of the largest metro and train River, Central do Brasil, when was hit by a flare.	Santiago Andrade, a cameraman with the Bandeirantes network of 49 year-old father of a girl of 11, covered last Thursday a violent protest against rising bus fare against the Central do Brasil, the largest metro and train Rio, when he was hit in the head by a flare.
The water level of the River Thames is at its highest level since the 1980s due to the intensity of the rains of recent weeks in England.	The water level of the River Thames is at its highest level since the last eighties due to the intensity of the rains of recent weeks in England, reported the British Environmental Agency.
Catholics believe that the pope Francisco is doing a good job, but many disagree with the doctrine of the Church on hot topics, especially the use of contraceptives, according to a global survey released Sunday.	Survey reveals that 87% of Catholics supported work by Pope Francisco, likewise, respondents have divisions against the application of the doctrine of the church, as many support the use of contraception, gay marriage and divorce.
The young man, identified as Fábio Raposo Barbosa, 22, was appointed yesterday by the Civil Police as co-author of the crimes of explosion and attempted murder qualified against the cameraman Santiago Andrade, who was covering the protests in downtown Rio de Janeiro when it was hit by the artifact.	The cameraman Santiago Andrade was covering protests in downtown Rio de Janeiro for the TV channel Band when he was hit by an explosive device.
The animal was killed by a shot from a pistol bolt, used to slaughter cattle, after discarding the use of lethal injection, which had polluted their flesh, as it is intended that their remains be used for research and as food for other carnivorous animals that inhabit this Danish zoo.	The animal was killed by a shot from a pistol bolt, after the use of lethal injection, which had contaminated his flesh is in disregarding, as it is intended that the remains are used not only for research but also to feed carnivores the zoo.
At the moment, they were summoned to meet Labour Minister of Argentina, Carlos Tomada; President of the Industrial Union of Argentina, Hector Mendez; his deputy, Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the head of the Union of Construction Workers of Argentina, Gerardo Martinez, one of the main references of the official CGT.	Participants include Labor Minister Carlos Tomada, President of the Industrial Union of Argentina, Hector Mendez, Vice President, Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the secretary general of the Uocra, Gerardo Martinez.
Thus, the judge disobeys the order of the fourth section of the Criminal Division of the National Court, which last November urged Moreno was coursing arrest warrants for five against the opinion of the magistrate, who until today had not followed this mandate of the court.	De Blasio has announced that its goal is to issue identity cards municipal &quot;all New Yorkers during this year&quot; and &quot;regardless of immigration status.&quot;
Iran and the International Atomic Energy today have ended nuclear negotiations with a new cooperation agreement seven points.	It is expected that new points of agreement are aimed at increasing transparency of Iran&#39;s nuclear program Iran and the International Atomic Energy ended nuclear negotiations with a new cooperation agreement seven points.
Snowfall paralyzed transport systems and caused the suspension of electric service in more than 48 thousand households in Kanto, where the thermometers mark temperatures below zero degrees.	At least 11 people were killed and about a thousand 250 were injured by the snowstorm that yesterday shook for more than 48 hours eastern Japan, the worst since 1966 and remained paralyzed transport systems.
Pope Francisco denied yesterday having convened a meeting of representatives of the national government, the Industrial Union Argentina and the CGT, in order to discuss the economic situation and in order to ensure social peace at a time wage discussion.	On 26 November, Francis received for nearly two hours to the Board of the pro-government CGT, led by Caló, who said the pope asked the union leaders &quot;for the unity of all Argentines.&quot;
Alvarenga appeared on the shores of the Marshall Islands late last month and told his amazing story of survival.	José Salvador Alvarenga, a native of El Salvador, appeared on the isolated atoll of Ebon, south of the Marshall Islands, on January 30 in a fiberglass boat of 7.3 meters.
Alvarado said the volcano lowered its activity over the previous day with explosions between &quot;small to moderate&quot; with the generation cloud &quot;more or less continuous&quot; ash. &quot;It is active, but not as much as Saturday afternoon.	Tungurahua, February 2 .- The Tungurahua volcano, located in the Andean center of Ecuador, maintains high activity, characterized by the emission of ash plumes that has been deposited in various populations of central and southern Iraq.
Not speaking English, the castaway communicated through drawings and gestures with the mayor of the place, explaining as best he could have survived by eating turtles, birds and fish caught with their hands, and drinking the blood of turtles when it was not raining.	On reaching the small atoll south of Marshall, Albarengo, who does not speak English, islands communicated through drawings and gestures with the mayor of the place, explaining that he survived by eating turtles, birds and fish caught with their hands and hydrated with turtle blood when it was not raining.
Testament, written on October 12, 2004 and amended in 2008, it states that the inheritance will for the family of Mandela, his closest collaborators, educational institutions they studied and his party, the African National Congress.	Mandela, who died last December 5, made his will on October 12, 2004, and made its latest amendment to the text in 2008.
&quot;New York City is home to all who live here.	Majuro - Castaway José Salvador Alvarenga was ready to take flight on Monday in the course Marshall Islands to El Salvador after receiving medical clearance for the trip, he indicated a source close to the case.
One of the pillars of this &quot;revolution&quot; is the opening of the Church subject to discussion and includes many old taboos.	A subject in which most Catholics in Europe do not share the position of the Church is the delicate question of divorced and remarried, they can not receive communion.
However, Mexico has proven to be the Latin American country where worst concento have the Pope, with 26% of respondents who consider their poor or mediocre achievements.	However, in America it is, paradoxically, the country where the new Pope arouses suspicion.
&quot;Jiang Zemin exercised supervisory authority over persons who committed directly the proper abuses, which makes him responsible for torture and other major human rights abuses perpetrated by his subordinates against the Tibetan population,&quot; says the complaint that now the judge plays in the car to order the detention of the former president.	The complaint of the Committee to Support Tibet by which the investigation was initiated and is now played by the judge in the car to order the imprisonment of former president, said &quot;Jiang Zemin exercised supervisory authority over persons who committed directly the abuses themselves, which makes him responsible for torture and other major human rights abuses perpetrated by his subordinates against the Tibetan population. &quot;
The security force of the &quot;Big Apple&quot; won several units of the device after enrolling in the Google Glass Explorer program, in which stakeholders lenses apply and, if selected, must pay $ 1,500 per pair.	Presumably the NYPD participated in the program of Google Glass Explorers, in which interested parties must submit an application to receive the glasses, not counting the $ 1,500 you pay for each pair.
Mandela left an estate valued at 46 million rands, which includes a luxury estate in Johannesburg, a house in his native Eastern Cape and copyright of his books, including his autobiography &quot;Long Walk to Freedom&quot;.	Mandela, who died in December at age 95, left behind a legacy that includes a luxury home in Johannesburg, a modest house in his home province of Eastern Cape and royalties for sales of books, including his autobiography, &#39;The long Walk to freedom &#39;.
This kind of &#39;Marschal Plan&#39;, which also participate the IMF is an alternative to the financial support provided by Moscow, which put on the table 15.000 billion in loans and a reduction in gas prices after November Yanukovych decided not to sign an association agreement with the EU and Russia closer.	This offer would give the leaders of Kiev an alternative to the financial support provided by Moscow, which put on the table US $ 15,000 million in loans and a reduction in gas prices after November Yanukovych decided not to sign an association agreement with the EU and Russia closer.
Catholics support the pope Francisco, but are divided on doctrine of the Church.	87% of Catholics appreciates the work of the Pontiff
The judge of the Audiencia Nacional Ismael Moreno issue the international arrest warrant against Chinese president Jiang Zemin and former Premier Li Peng, among other former senior political and military leadership of the Asian giant for genocide in Tibet.	The judge of the Spanish Audiencia Nacional Ismael Moreno ordered today the search and arrest warrants for their arrest and unconditional imprisonment of five Chinese Communists former leaders, including former President Jiang Zemin, for crimes of genocide, torture and crimes against humanity in Tibet.
The purpose of this meeting is to promote a trade protocol that articulates the elimination of 92% of export products, which had already been agreed at the previous summit in May 2013, held in the Colombian city of Cali.	Costa Rica will be the first non-founding member who will join the Pacific Alliance, after being accepted at the last summit held in Cali in 2013.
Magali Silva, Minister of Commerce of Peru, highlights the achievements elimination of visas between these countries and increasing scholarships.	Moreover, the Minister of Commerce of Peru, Magali Silva, highlighted the joint work that has developed between the four countries, which have the same vision and increased trade for countries.
Iran agreed yesterday to cooperate with an investigation by the International Atomic Energy on its activities on the development of nuclear weapons, which could be an important achievement in protracted talks between Iran and Western powers.	Iran agreed Sunday to cooperate with an investigation of the atomic agency UN supervision of its activities on the development of nuclear weapons, which could be an important achievement of protracted talks with the Islamic republic.
A survey released at the conference by the newspaper El Tiempo and the radio station La W revealed that eight different candidates, Santos takes the lead with 24.4% of the voting intentions, followed distantly by the second candidate of the Conservative Party , the former Minister Marta Lucia Ramirez defense with 7.7% and thirdly former Finance Minister Oscar Ivan Zuluaga, with 7.6%.	Juan Manuel Santos continues to lead the voting intentions of Colombians, but this time the second option would be for the government candidate Marta Lucia Ramirez would have 7.7% of the voting intentions.
The rare times when Alvarenga appeared in public since Friday did surrounded by a group of volunteers, who remain in his room and help him fulfill his desire not to talk to the press about his ordeal at sea.	In recent days Alvarenga was held in a hotel in Majuro, surrounded by security measures and with little contact with the outside world.
The government&#39;s chief negotiator, Humberto de la Calle, no press statements made on arrival at the International Conference Center, venue of the talks.	As usual, government negotiators from Colombia, led by former vice president Humberto de la Calle, no media statements made upon arrival at the Palace of Conventions in Havana, permanent headquarters of the dialogue.
New York, United States New York mayor, Democrat Bill de Blasio, announced Monday that the city will create an identity for its inhabitants who do not have a valid state ID, including illegal immigrants.	The mayor of New York, Democrat Bill de Blasio, said Monday that the city will create an identity for its people without papers, an initiative that seeks out &quot;from the shadows&quot; to half a million people while the United States continues to debate its immigration reform.
The accident occurred around 2:30 pm on a stretch of road between the towns of Fusagasugá and Silvania, in the central department of Cundinamarca, and about 50 kilometers south of Bogota, said in a telephone interview Captain Ivan Dario Valenzuela , fire chief in Cundinamarca.	The toppling of a tourist bus, occurred at kilometer 8 of the Bogota-Choachí route, leaving a balance of 38 people injured, of which 30 had to be sent to hospitals.
The government&#39;s chief negotiator, Humberto de la Calle, no press statements made on arrival at the International Conference Center, venue of the talks.	As usual, government negotiators from Colombia, led by former vice president Humberto de la Calle, no media statements made upon arrival at the Palace of Conventions in Havana, permanent headquarters of the dialogue.
The animal was killed by a shot from a pistol bolt, used to slaughter cattle, after discarding the use of lethal injection, which had polluted their flesh, as it is intended that their remains be used for research and as food for other carnivorous animals that inhabit this Danish zoo. You may also like.	The head of the Court of Instruction No. 7 Zaragoza ordered to pay fines totaling 400 euros to the owner of a loose dog who died last June 14 a shot of a local police after scare several people who transited down the street.
The Swiss approved in a referendum by 50.3% of the vote, returning to limit the entry of citizens of countries of the European Union to its labor market by establishing annual installments within three years.	By a narrow margin of just 0.3%, Swiss voters approved in a referendum yesterday back to the old system to limit the entry of workers in the EU, as it does in the case of all other countries.
&quot;It&#39;s an issue that we have discussed with President-elect Michelle Bachelet,&quot; he said from Cartagena de Indias, Colombia, where he is to participate in the Summit of the Pacific Alliance.	The president insisted that this issue &quot;is considering&quot; and has been &quot;talked to elect Michelle Bachelet president&quot;, who takes office on March 11.
As official reason, the meeting is presented as a tour of the Argentina official delegation of the International Labour Organization, as Martinez is the representative of Argentine unionism in meetings entity organized in Geneva, while Funes de Rioja occupies that role by the national business.	The official reason for the meeting will be a visit to the Vatican by a delegation of the International Labour Organisation, which represents the Argentine Martinez unionism, while Funes de Rioja occupies that role by the national business.
In turn, President Evo Morales expressed his solidarity with the families of those killed in the town of Chullpa K&#39;asa and thought people first lifesaving and leave the property.	Meanwhile, Bolivian President Evo Morales has expressed its solidarity with the families of the deceased and asked not save life and material assets in disaster situations &quot;first&quot;.
Copenhagen Zoo today sacrificed a giraffe two years claiming that he had to avoid future problems of consanguinity, despite intense public Internet campaign to save his life and the proposed alternatives.	Russian environmental movement activists Century Green Wednesday laid flowers in front of the Danish Embassy in Moscow to remember a giraffe sacrificed Sunday 9 February at the Copenhagen Zoo.
In the opinion of respondents citizens, the Socialist Fernando Lugo, and the Colorados Andrés Rodríguez and Nicanor Duarte Frutos were the most highly valued, especially social support given to many sectors of the Paraguayan population.	Presidents Fernando Lugo Nicanor Duarte Frutos and Andrew Rodriguez in that order were the better positioned from greater support and work in the social area, according to consultation revealed by GEO.
In addition it did before the cameras around the world and in an emotional ceremony, the funeral of Nelson Mandela.	Obama and Raul Castro staged an unprecedented handshake during the recent funeral of Nelson Mandela, who brought --juntos dozens of heads of state from around the world-- in South Africa last December.
Prior to receiving Enrique Peña Nieto, Juan Manuel Santos today recognized the structural reforms that his colleague Enrique Peña Nieto has done in Mexico and highlighted the ties of friendship between both nations.	Peña Nieto has been a very brave president who has taken some very difficult decisions to make necessary reforms, said the Colombian president.
Then, the staff performed an autopsy attended by dozens of adults and children, and the remains were used to feed other animals in the establishment.	Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, will welcome colleagues as president pro tempore of the mechanism and host the VIII Summit of the Pacific Alliance, in Cartagena de Indias, Efe reported.
Hipolito Mora, leader of this group from the community of La Ruana, in the municipality of Buenavista Tomatlan, adjacent to Apatzingan, led about one hundred men, who left the weapons in their community to enter dressed in white cathedral.	Hipolito Mora, leader of this group of native self defense municipality of Buenavista Tomatlan, adjacent to Apatzingan, led about 100 men who left their weapons outside the community to enter dressed in white cathedral.
De Blasio announced that its goal is to issue identity cards municipal &quot;all New Yorkers during this year&quot; and &quot;regardless of immigration status.&quot;	The accident occurred early Sunday and affected 16 homes in the gold zone of the department of La Paz.
But when in doubt, was already contacted by the Mexican ambassador to the Philippines, Julio Camarena, who &quot;confirmed to be a Salvadoran national, from the village of Garita Palmera, Ahuachapán Department&quot; of El Salvador, said the Foreign Ministry.	Also, Ambassador Camarena spoke with the survivor, who confirms to be a Salvadoran national, from the village of Garita Palmera, Ahuachapán Department in the Republic of El Salvador.
&quot;It is nonsense,&quot; said Bergoglio in a private dialogue with a trusted person; &quot;Today is my birthday and called me Francisco, as every year,&quot; said Alicia Barrios, a journalist Chronicle and personal friend of the Pope, whom he consulted the Pope if he had called a meeting with government officials, union leaders and entrepreneurs, to convey his &quot;concern&quot; about the situation, as published in the newspaper La Nacion.	The pope denied convene a dialogue; &quot;Today is my birthday and called me Francisco, as every year,&quot; said Alicia Barrios, a journalist Chronicle and personal friend of the pope, whom he consulted the pontiff if he had called a meeting with government officials, union leaders and entrepreneurs, to convey his &quot;concern&quot; about the situation, as published in the newspaper La Nacion.
The institution of the European country, justified the sacrifice arguing that it was a decision to &quot;avoid future problems of consanguinity because the aim of the zoo is to ensure that the best genes are passed on to future generations, thus preserving long-term survival of the species welcome &quot;he cites ABC.es., despite the complaints and online campaigns animal advocates and other zoo offers for Marius.	The address of the institution said the giraffe, nicknamed Marius, had to be sacrificed because the aim of the zoo is to ensure that the best genes to pass on to future generations, thus preserving long-term survival of the species they receive, according to EFE .
During his stay in Washington, Hollande will also meet with the director of the International Monetary Fund, the French Christine Lagarde and World Bank President Jim Yong Kim.	In the economic sphere, Hollande will have dinner Monday at the home of France with the general director of the International Monetary Fund, Christine Lagarde and World Bank President, American Jim Yong Kim.
The figure on the legacy of Mandela&#39;s estimate, since it excludes the benefits derived from image rights, said the judge Dikgang Moseneke, one of the three trustees of the will, 40 pages.	Besides his family, Mandela bequeathed part of his estate to his closest collaborators, educational institutions why it happened and his party, the African National Congress government.
The two-day talks were framed in a roadmap established in November between the IAEA and Iran, which provided six stages that must comply Tehran between now and Feb. 11, including the visit of experts from the agency to the production plant Arak heavy water and a mine uranium mining in Gachin.	The event, which can last all day, is part of a roadmap established in November between the IAEA and Iran, which provided six stages that must comply Tehran between now and Feb. 11, including a visit by agency experts to the production plant at Arak heavy water.
The president stressed that ordered the Federal Police to support research to find the culprits and apply appropriate penalties.	Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff said that the death of Andrade &quot;outraged and saddened&quot; and offered the assistance of the federal police to find the culprits.
In a dialogue Francisco telephoned her friend Alicia Barrios, a journalist Chronicle, to wish her a happy birthday, and before a consultation she confirmed that the invitation to the dialogue table is &quot;all nonsense&quot;.	However, after noon on Sunday the news was denied by Francis himself: according to Infobae site, the pontiff telephoned her friend Alicia Barrios, journalist Chronicle newspaper, to wish her a happy birthday, and before a consultation she confirmed that the call for dialogue table is &quot;all nonsense&quot;.
Thus, the judge meets the established process, as the fourth of the Criminal Chamber of the Audiencia Nacional section urged him last November to arrest warrants shall be issued by five.	Thus, the judge disobeys the order of the fourth section of the Criminal Division of the National Court, which last November urged Moreno was coursing arrest warrants for five against the opinion of the magistrate, who until Monday had not followed this mandate of the court.
The PAC has never ruled and was formed by dissidents of the PLN, which has ruled the country at different stages of the democratic history of Costa Rica and specifically consecutively for the last 8 years.	University professor and candidate of the PAC, Luis Guillermo Solis, who polls placed fourth, will face Johnny Araya, Mayor of San Jose for 21 years and successor in the ruling party of outgoing Laura Chinchilla, the most unpopular ruler the recent history of the country.
The creator of the popular game Flappy Bird Creator has withdrawn the application stores App Store and Google Play, fulfilling what was promised on Saturday to remove it in 24 hours.	Flappy Bird creator Dong Nguyen, decided to eliminate Saturday game app store App Store and Google Play.
The most explicit pressure comes from Russia, he offered financial aid to 15 billion dollars and one-third reduction in the price of Russian gas, after Yanukovych refused to sign an association agreement with the European Union to look Moscow.	Moscow offered Ukraine a financial aid of 15 billion dollars and reduced its gas price by a third, after Yanukovich refused in November to sign an association agreement with the European Union to move closer to Russia.
Sliding from a hill on several houses left four dead and 10 missing in the town of Ch&#39;ullpa K&#39;asa, Morochata municipality in the department of Cochabamba, reported the secretary of the Rights of Mother Earth, the Interior of the region, Cintya Vargas.	The landslide occurred last night in the town of Morochata and buried about 15 houses, he said at a press conference Secretary of Mother Earth Rights of the Government of Cochabamba, Cinthia Vargas.
Apparently, the reason is to comply with the rules of the European Association of Zoos and Aquariums.	The zoo argued that the animal sacrificed in pursuit of the rules imposed by the association of zoos in the European Union, in order to avoid inbreeding.
&quot;Since the beginning of the peace talks have stated publicly and repeatedly our absolute willingness to conclude and sign immediately a Treaty of Regularization of War, or a bilateral ceasefire between the parties,&quot; said Pablo Catatumbo, one of guerrilla negotiators, in a letter on Monday to the Colombian vice letter, Angelino Garzon.	&quot;Since the start of peace talks with the government of President Santos, the FARC-EP have stated publicly and repeatedly our absolute willingness to conclude and sign immediately a treaty regularization of war, or a bilateral cease hostilities between the parties &quot;, ensured the FARC.
In the case of Jiang Zemin, the complainants emphasize that exercised supervisory authority over persons who committed directly the proper abuses, which makes him responsible for torture and other major human rights abuses perpetrated by his subordinates against Tibetan population.	&quot;Jiang Zemin exercised supervisory authority over persons who committed directly the proper abuses, which makes him responsible for acts of torture and other major human rights abuses perpetrated by his subordinates against the Tibetan population,&quot; says the complaint that now the judge plays in the car to order the imprisonment of former president.
A big snow that falls in the eastern part of Japan since Saturday has caused major problems in transport, including road accidents that left four dead.	The heaviest snowfall this winter planted white yesterday mountain areas Ourense and affected the normal activity of twenty schools across the province: 16 located in municipalities of high mountains, nine South ourensano and one in the east.
Andrade was hit by an explosive device while covering protests in downtown Rio de Janeiro against the rising price of public transport, according to Agencia Brasil.	Confirm brain death of cameraman wounded in protest at Rio; the cameraman was wounded on Thursday while covering a demonstration in the ost railway station in Rio de Janeiro, against rising Subway passage, 4 months of the World Cup in Brazil.
It is nonsense, &quot;said Jorge Bergoglio on the other side of the line, and explained what their schedule of meetings with Argentine for next month&quot; 19 here come José María Del Corral and Ricardo Pignanelli, but a meeting by the education.	Jorge Bergoglio said his agenda meetings with Argentine for next month has 19 guest President of the General Council of Education of the Archdiocese of Buenos Aires, José María Del Corral, and the holder of SMATA, Ricardo Pignanelli, &quot;but it a meeting for education.
Creator of Flappy Bird creator Dong Nguyen, told The Verge, justifies the success of the title saying that it is &quot;something totally different from mobile games today, and it is a very good game to compete against other&quot; .	The playmaker believes that its success is because it is &quot;something totally different from mobile games today, and encourages compete against other players.&quot;
The visit comes days after the head of European diplomacy advance that the EU and the US are working on a plan of financial aid for Ukraine to support the next interim government to boost political and economic reforms, as he advanced in a interview with the newspaper the Wall Street Journal &#39;during the Security Conference in Munich.	The High Representative of Common Foreign and Security Policy of the EU, Catherine Ashton, announced that the United States and Twenty-eight are working on a plan of financial aid for Ukraine in the next interim government support to boost political and economic reforms.
The former boxer invited the protesters to join the self-defense units created in different parts of the country and follow the slogan &quot;I&#39;m Ukrainian and I&#39;m not afraid.&quot;	The ex-boxer invited the protesters to join the self-defense units created in different parts of the country and follow the slogan &quot;I&#39;m Ukrainian and I&#39;m not afraid.&quot; &quot;People have to go on the street to the end, otherwise we will retaliate.
Until yesterday afternoon, a record 33 centimeters of snow had fallen in Chiba, east of Tokyo, the highest level since records began to take records of snowfall in 1966, according to a report by the state news agency Kyodo .	A white blanket of 27 cm thick coated Tokyo, something not seen for some 45 years, the Japanese meteorological agency.
The importance of this summit lies in the signing of the Additional Protocol to the Framework Agreement of the Alliance to be signed on Monday Santos, Peña Nieto and his counterparts from Chile, Sebastian Pinera, and Peru, Ollanta Humala, to eliminate tariffs on 92 % of goods and services traded between the four countries.	The signing of this agreement will be accompanied by a final summit declaration tuned the details today the Council of Ministers, a body formed by the owners of Foreign Affairs and Trade of the four countries.
The spokesman of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia in peace talks in Havana, Jorge Torres Victoria, announced Monday that the leadership of the guerrilla held talks with President of Uruguay, Jose Mujica, during his visit to the island on the occasion of the Second Summit of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States.	The president of Colombia Alvaro Uribe has criticized Monday the meeting, as reported by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, he held the guerrilla with the president of Uruguay, Jose Mujica, during the trip he made to Havana on the occasion of the Second Summit of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean countries.
More than 20,000 homes were left without power and there were more than five thousand accidents because of the snow.	The Japanese capital was covered with 27 centimeters of snow.
In a document that began in 2004 and last modified in 2008, Nelson Mandela left its will on how to divide their assets after cease to exist.	Reveals the will drawn on October 12, 2004 and amended last in 2008, the three surviving daughters and their offspring Makghato Mandela, who died in 2005 and his father received 300000 $ 000 each.
As explained ESA in a statement, the colors of the image have been altered to study the complex processes saturnine meteorology.	The Huawei Ascend G6 can be seen in an image in five colors
The shooting caused the exit of dozens of students to the street, where there was subzero According television channel Rossiya 24, the student, whose name was not disclosed, killed the professor before being stopped by police.	According to the television channel Rossiya 24, the student, whose identity has not been revealed so far, killed the professor before being stopped by police.
Among the issues addressed by the GAN is the final declaration of the summit, the presidents will sign on Monday together with the Additional Protocol to the Framework Agreement of the Alliance, which eliminates tariffs on 92% of products traded between the countries of the bloc.	From 15:30 hours signing the Additional Protocol to the Framework Agreement and the Declaration of the Eighth Summit of the Pacific Alliance will be held.
We will not let any of our residents live in the shadow, &quot;de Blasio said in Spanish to make the announcement during his State of the city, in which he presented the broad lines of its action of government in 2014, AFP said.	We will not let any of our residents live in the shadows, &quot;he said in Spanish De Blasio during his speech on the state of the city, which has announced its project.
The order is for search and arrest Jian Zemin for crimes in the crackdown in Tibet the National Court Spanish was issued today an international warrant of arrest against former Chinese President Jiang Zemin, former Premier Li Peng and other former leaders of the country, for alleged crimes in repression in Tibet.	Spanish Court orders arrest of former Chinese President Jiang Zemin lso launches an international arrest warrant against former prime minister i Peng and other former Chinese leaders for alleged crimes in Tibet.
Odyssey Alvarenga, which seems out of &quot;The Story of a Shipwrecked Sailor&quot; by Gabriel García Márquez, raises more than a week ago great interest worldwide.	Odyssey Salvadoran castaway who claims to have survived 13 months in the Pacific Ocean before reaching the Marshall Islands raises more than a week ago great interest worldwide.
Has dropped a little activity, but is still considered high, &quot;said the expert, Alexandra Alvarado, technical Geophysics Institute, adding told Efe that the ash of the colossus has befallen several towns in five provinces of the country: Tungurahua, Chimborazo, Bolívar, Azuay and Canar.	Has dropped a little activity, but is still considered high, &quot;said the expert, adding that ash has fallen in several towns in the provinces of Tungurahua, Chimborazo, Bolívar, Azuay, Canar and Loja.
The cease &quot;humanitarian&quot; fire three days, certified by the UN and the alleged support of the regime and rebels, came to nothing.	Both sides accused the each other of breaking the ceasefire agreed three days for residents to leave the area and to allow the entry of emergency assistance.
However, the argument of serious macroeconomic impact that could have come into a renegotiation with the EU was not enough to calm the fears of the population.	The mayor of New York, Bill de Blasio offered in a message Monday.
Bergoglio pointed out then that that day has two scheduled meetings, one with the head of the union SMATA, Ricardo Pignanelli, and another with the school principal San Martin de Tours, José María del Corral, to discuss the draft Network of Schools.	Vatican Radio said that today, 21 February, marks 13 years since Blessed John Paul II created cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio, among 43 new cardinals.
&#39;We come like a brother to finalize trade agreements expressing the political will of four brothers peoples, Mexico, Chile, Colombia and Peru partner, &quot;Humala said on his arrival in Cartagena.	He added that the summit of the Pacific Alliance Peru comes as &quot;a partner and a brother&quot; to finalize trade agreements &quot;expressing the political will of four brothers towns: Mexico, Colombia, Chile and Peru.&quot;
The Pact of Bogotá, which Chile joined in 1948, the ICJ gives power to resolve disputes between signatory nations.	Hence, although when, a few weeks ago, the unionist Deputy Ivan Moreira, with his pair PPD Jorge Tarud, raised the idea that the permanence of Chile in the Pact of Bogotá should be reviewed in the event that the failure of the Hague was not adjusted to right, received a barrage of criticism from all sectors after the verdict, other representatives of his party have begun to consider this assumption as a possibility. Or, at least, as a debate you need to be done.
The country, which is going through a bad financial situation remained without European financial support when the government of Yanukovich resigned in late November to sign an association agreement with the European Union, triggering the first street protests.	The country, in very bad financial situation, deprived of European aid to resign in late November to an association agreement with the European Union, which triggered protests in the street.
He told authorities he had sailed on December 24, 2012 in Mexico with a partner who did not survive.	According to the man, he left Mexico in late 2012 on an expedition to catch sharks in the waters of El Salvador along with a companion, Ezequiel, who allegedly died at sea.
The Foreign Ministry reported that the castaway found last Friday in the archipelago -a Ebon Atoll of the Marshall Islands in the Pacific Ocean confirmed to be a Salvadoran national, from the village of Garita Palmera, Ahuachapán Department, Republic of El Salvador and not Mexican as it was thought at first.	According to the Foreign Ministry, Ambassador Camarena spoke with the survivor, who confirmed to be a Salvadoran national, from the village of Garita Palmera, Ahuachapán Department in the Republic of El Salvador.
At the moment, they were summoned to meet Labour Minister of Argentina, Carlos Tomada; President of the Industrial Union of Argentina, Hector Mendez; his deputy, Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the head of the Union of Construction Workers of Argentina, Gerardo Martinez, one of the main references of the official CGT.	They had pointed out that the Pope would receive on Wednesday 19 March to Labor Minister Carlos Tomada UIA President Hector Mendez, his deputy Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the head of the Workers Union of Construction and referent of the official CGT, Gerardo Martínez.
When notice was given to the police and officers arrived, the kidnapper fired wounding two of them, one of whom died later. The shooting caused the exit of dozens of students to the street, where there was subzero According television channel Rossiya 24, the student, whose name was not disclosed, killed the professor before being stopped by police.	The meeting between the Pope and officials of the administration headed by Cristina Kirchner and leaders of the Industrial Union Argentina and the General Confederation of Labour official, who leads the metallurgical Antonio Caló, on Wednesday March 19 will take place.
The authorities of the Marshall Islands Majuro move to the capital of this South Pacific nation, a Mexican fisherman who insure more than one year has gone adrift, local media reported.	The fisherman who spent a year adrift in the Pacific is Salvadoran.
In a document that began in 2004 and last modified in 2008, Nelson Mandela left its will on how to divide their assets after cease to exist.	The rare times when Alvarenga appeared in public since Friday did surrounded by a group of volunteers, who remain in his room and help him fulfill his desire not to talk to the press about his ordeal at sea.
Sofia will receive this year from 45 percent of what it perceives as the King as salary and representation expenses and Princess will receive 35 percent.	That is Sofia will receive 63,234 euros gross salary and 68,505 as entertainment expenses charged while Princess 49,182 and 53,282 as salary and expenses.
Today Home Colombia, Chile, Mexico and Peru signed tariff reduction Colombia, Chile, Mexico and Peru signed tariff relief Ash reaches Loja Tungurahua; Cuenca paralyzed flights and bathrooms, Tungurahua classes.	Quero high areas are among the most affected by ashfall the Tungurahua volcano.
Cartagena - The president of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, inaugurated Monday in Cartagena the VIII Summit of the Pacific Alliance, which must seal a trade deal to deduct 92% of tariff lines of the block that also integrate Chile, Mexico, and Peru.	The president of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, inaugurated Monday the VIII Summit of the Pacific Alliance, which must seal a trade deal to deduct 92% of tariff lines block-oriented allow joint production of goods and boost trade with Asia.
Andrade, 49, was covering a protest against rising bus fares, which began peacefully but degenerated into violent clashes in and around the Central Station, the largest metro and train Rio.	Santiago Andrade, a cameraman with the Bandeirantes network of 49 year-old father of a girl of 11, covered last Thursday a violent protest against rising bus fare against the Central do Brasil, the largest metro and train Rio, when he was hit in the head by a flare.
Aid has been arriving Sunday to the hardest hit areas of the city, after Saturday several attacks on humanitarian convoys of the United Nations and the Red Crescent were recorded, of which the Syrian regime and opposition accused each other .	Amos has praised the &quot;courage&quot; and &quot;tenacity&quot; of UN humanitarian workers and Red Crescent who entered Saturday in the Old City of Homs to deliver aid to the population.
One of those arrested &quot;were identified as Antonio Magana Pantoja, related to unlawful acts such as drug distribution and extortions for organized crime group operating in the area and who was determined, is half brother of Nazario Moreno and cousin Enrique Plancarte &quot;.	One of those arrested said Antonio Magana Pantoja be charged with drug distribution and extortions, identified as &quot;the half-brother of Nazario Moreno and Enrique Plancarte cousin&quot;, the two leaders Templar adds the part.
The rare times when Alvarenga appeared in public since Friday did surrounded by a group of volunteers, who remain in his room and help him fulfill his desire not to talk to the press about his ordeal at sea.	This decision has provoked strong opposition to the Castro regime opposition movements such as the Ladies in White, very respected in Brussels, where they were recognized with the Sakharov prize for freedom of conscience.
The colors of the image, centered on a position at 0 ° longitude and 35 degrees north latitude, &quot;have been altered to study the complex processes of meteorology saturnine&quot;.	As explained ESA in a statement, the colors of the image have been altered to study the complex processes saturnine meteorology.
Amid popular discontent with the government of Laura Chinchilla, Araya, former mayor of 56 years, he was surprised by Solis, who not only sneaked into the second round but it exceeded 31% of the vote against 29% on Sunday.	Amid popular discontent with the management of President Laura Chinchilla, Araya, of the ruling National Liberation Party, he was surprised by the candidate of Citizen Action, who not only sneaked into the second round Party but what happened to 30.8% about 29.6% of votes counted 80% of the tables.
In the elections, Congress also renewed 57 MPs, the PLN would have lost six seats, being 18, the PAC 13, the FA and the PUSC with 9 each and ML 3.	According to initial projections, Congress must also make alliances having been very fragmented: PLN 18, PAC 13, the FA and the PUSC with 9 each and ML 3.
Despite this, the current president Juan Manuel Santos achieve re-election, because it has 25% of the vote, while the candidate of Uribe, Oscar Ivan Zuluaga, would be second, but far, with 8 percent.	In that scenario, Santos would have 38.4 percent, while the conservative candidate would get 30.8 percent.
Caregivers of a zoo in Denmark have killed a baby giraffe to avoid inbreeding among different species of the enclosure and then have served their remains to the lions so that they serve as food.	A baby giraffe and a half years in perfect health was killed on Sunday in a zoo in Copenhagen, despite protests from animal advocates in Denmark.
Allocations this year, the king will receive a total of 292 000 752 euros, of which 140 thousand euros are paid 519, 233 and 152 thousand euros for expenses.	Princess Letizia will have an allocation of 102 000 464 euros, of which 49,000 are paid 182 euros and 282 euros 53,000 in expenses.
But it would be criminal not to try to achieve success, &quot;said the diplomat, especially involved in negotiations over Iran&#39;s nuclear program.	Tehran and Washington pleaded Sunday in the Munich Security Conference, to banish the mutual distrust of the forthcoming resumption of negotiations on Iran&#39;s controversial nuclear program.
In an interview published Monday in the Wall Street Journal, Ashton confirmed the preparation of a package of financial assistance to Ukraine, after contacts between Western leaders and the Ukrainian opposition this weekend at the Munich security meeting.	In an interview published Monday in the Wall Street Journal, the High Diplomatic Representative of the EU, Catherine Ashton, confirmed the preparation of a package of financial assistance to Ukraine, after contacts between Ukrainian Western leaders and the opposition this weekend the Munich security meeting According to her, the EU and the US &quot;develop a plan that analyzes what we should do from now in different sectors of the economy to improve things.&quot;
According to Ukrainian media, activists &quot;euromaidan&quot; would have said this purpose in reference to the urban legend stating that the president has a golden toilet in his residence of Mezhigorie.	Euromaidan activists and students would have placed there in reference to the urban legend that says that President Yanukovich has a gold toilet at his home in Mezhigorie.
The orange alert issued on Saturday night replaced the yellow, which was in force since last November and generally applies to the areas of influence with the long eruptive process.	The orange alert issued on Saturday night, by the National Secretariat for Risk Management, replaced the yellow, in force since last November and generally applies to the neighboring areas of the volcano.
The United Nations and the Arab Red Crescent Syria has been dragged out of the Old City of Homs at least 611 civilians, on the third day of the mission to evacuate and distribute humanitarian aid, in line with an agreement negotiated by the UN .	Damascus / Cairo, Feb 9 .- The UN and Red Crescent evacuated today from the Syrian city of Homs at least 611 civilians as part of humanitarian truce between government and opposition, one day before the start of the second round of negotiations Geneva II peace in Switzerland.
It also participates Costa Rican President Laura Chinchilla, whose country has already admitted to the group and is awaiting entry into force of the FTA with Mexico and Colombia.	the arrival of the Costa Rican president, Laura Chinchilla, who will participate in the first part of the presidential summit was also expected.
&quot;Since the beginning of the peace talks have stated publicly and repeatedly our absolute willingness to conclude and sign immediately a Treaty of Regularization of War, or a bilateral ceasefire between the parties,&quot; said Pablo Catatumbo, one of guerrilla negotiators, in a letter on Monday to the Colombian vice letter, Angelino Garzon.	&quot;Since the start of peace talks with the government of President Santos, the FARC-EP have stated publicly and repeatedly our absolute willingness to conclude and sign immediately a treaty regularization of war, or a bilateral cease hostilities between the parties, &quot;said the insurgency.
Damascus / Cairo, Feb 9 .- The UN and Red Crescent evacuated today from the Syrian city of Homs at least 611 civilians as part of humanitarian truce between government and opposition, one day before the start of the second round of negotiations Geneva II peace in Switzerland.	The United Nations and the Arab Red Crescent Syria have been dragged out of the Old City of Homs at least 611 civilians, on the third day of the mission to evacuate and distribute humanitarian aid, in line with the UN-brokered agreement .
The local diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church said that the dead are a nun who worked at the Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ and one of the parishioners, said the source quoted by local agencies.	The dead are a nun who worked at the Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ and one of the parishioners, the statement quoted by local agencies.
Sanchez Ceren and Quijano said Monday separately to the press that are open to ally themselves with the Unity movement for the triumph ensured in the second round that would be held on 9th of March, but has not been made official by the TSE pending the final scrutiny .	Sanchez Ceren and Quijano said separately Monday to journalists who are open to allying with Unit ensured the victory in the second round, for which no date as yet lack the official count.
The idea is to draw a roadmap for the full incorporation of Costa Rica, that next May 8 will have a new president after the runoff election on April 6.	Chinchilla is nearing the end of his term, which delivered on May 8 the winner in the runoff election on April 6, but the change of government will not alter the accession of Costa Rica to the Pacific Alliance, as he said in an interview with Efe Minister of Foreign Trade, Anabel Gonzalez.
More than 20,000 homes were left without power and there were more than five thousand accidents because of the snow.	An exceptional snowstorm left at least 11 dead and 1,250 injured throughout the country over the weekend, according to a new provisional balance of the local media.
Foreign Ministers and Trade of the member countries of the Alliance, the official photo was made on the esplanade of the Convention Center of the Caribbean city.	Some excerpts of the most important points made by the four ministers during the press conference and are part of the commitment to further developing the 5 pillars of work as are the free movement of goods, services, people, capital and cooperation.
&quot;The United Nations and our humanitarian partners we will not be deterred from doing everything we can to bring assistance to those who need our help,&quot; Amos said in a statement.	&quot;United Nations and our humanitarian partners will not be discouraged from doing the best we can deliver aid to those who need our help,&quot; he adds.
AFP - Ukrainian opposition parties called for new demonstrations on Sunday at noon in the Independence Square of Kiev, occupied and barricaded for more than two months ago.	Similarly, candidates of opposition parties expressed unrestrained criticism of the government and the party in power.
Diario de León - 30 minutes ago The president of Extremadura, Jose Antonio Monagas, is championing opposition to the reform of the abortion law within the PP.	The program of The Sixth emits an ironic video PP leaders using Google Glass.
Mandela&#39;s legacy includes a luxury estate in Johannesburg and a modest rural home in his native province of Eastern Cape. And then there are the copyright of his books, including his best-selling autobiography Long Walk to Freedom.	The figure on the legacy of Mandela&#39;s estimate, since it excludes the benefits derived from image rights Besides his family, Mandela bequeathed part of his estate to his closest collaborators, educational institutions why it happened and his party, the African National Congress government.
Switzerland will limit the entry of Europeans to their labor market.	Therefore, the European Commission &quot;regrets&quot; the initiative to introduce quotas for restricting European immigration to its labor market.
He told authorities he had sailed on December 24, 2012 in Mexico with a partner who did not survive.	José Salvador Albarengo, 37, sailed from Mexico on December 24, 2012 and Thursday of last week was found in the distant Ebon coral atoll in the Marshall Islands, wearing just a tattered pants.
Under the administration of Chen Kuiyuan as former Communist Party secretary in Tibet, &quot;disappearances increased greatly&quot; and &quot;repression and severe restrictions on religious activity bolted and expelled from the party to numerous ethnic Tibetan,&quot; says the judge&#39;s order based on the allegations of the complainants.	The judge reproduces the statements of the complainants that under the government of Chen Kuiyuan as former Communist Party secretary in Tibet, &quot;disappearances increased greatly following changes in the prison administration that were made in 1994, repression and the heavy restrictions about religious activity were bolted and expelled from the party to numerous ethnic Tibetan. &quot;
The New York City Police Department is testing some Google Glass units, to see if they are useful in police work.	NYPD makes tests with Google Glass l New York City Police Department, USA He began testing Google Glass glasses nteligentes order to help agents to provide information on suspected ápidamente, thanks to the techniques of facial ecognition.
The Government carries out swerved into the river Rocha in the area of ​​Muyurina, where six homes are at risk of collapse due to soil erosion and invasion of the Gaza security.	By a narrow margin of just 0.3%, Swiss voters approved in a referendum yesterday back to the old system to limit the entry of workers in the EU, as it does in the case of all other countries.
The judge of the Audiencia Nacional Ismael Moreno ordered the search and arrest of the former president of the Chinese Government Jiang Zemin and four other former leaders of China to enter unconditional prison without bail for alleged crimes of genocide, torture and crimes against humanity committed in Tibet.	A Tibetan tries to blow himself up in Nepal and rises to 100 which are lit fire Jiang Zemin.
The signing of the Dayton peace agreement that ended the Bosnian war, put more responsibility in the hands of the international community.	The peace agreement that ended the war created a complex political system in which more than 150 ministries governing 4 million Bosnians.
&quot;We have formalized nothing but I&#39;m sure that both leaders are to give a space to discuss and exchange views and relations in general between Chile and Peru,&quot; said Chilean Foreign Minister Alfredo Moreno, from Cartagena to means of their country.	&quot;We have formalized nothing but I&#39;m sure that both leaders are to give a space to discuss and exchange views and relations in general between Chile and Peru,&quot; he said Moreno told reporters accompanying the Chilean delegation to the summit.
Royalties books Mandela and other projects, as well as their homes in Johannesburg, Cape Town, Qunu and Mthatha were bequeathed to the family foundation &quot;Nelson Mandela Family Trust Rohlilala&quot;.	Why Switzerland wants to curb immigration in the European Union will Swiss voted to impose limits on the entry of workers uropeos.
Somerset, in the English southwest is the most affected area and scenes of General waterlogging spread throughout Europe The Environment Agency of England, issued about a dozen &quot;serious alert&quot; due to the floods that ravaged large parts of the country, while new temporary advertised with &quot;risk of death&quot; for those who do not meet the recommendations.	Somerset, in southwest English is the most affected area and scenes of waterlogging generally spread throughout Europe, where there have also been violent weather events, mainly in northern Spain.
That agency maintains fourteen today &quot;serious&quot; warnings, with risk for life-flooding in several areas through which the Thames, including Berkshire and Surrey, in southern England.	02/09/14 LONDON British Environment Agency raised the number of &quot;serious&quot; alerts, with risk for life-floods today to 16 in England before the arrival of a new temporary.
The Official Bogota Fire Department reported that a special bus service crashed at kilometer 10 via Bogota Choachí, where 30 people were injured.	According to the Deputy Fire Officer of the capital, Euclid Mancipe, all are wounded District officials, who were traveling in five buses that took them for a ride.
Its three properties were bequeathed to the family foundation &quot;Nelson Rohlilala Mandela Family Trust&quot;, including the house where he is buried in Qunu, in South Africa, and Johannesburg, where he received medical care in the affluent suburb of Houghton .	Meanwhile, three properties were given to the family foundation &quot;Nelson Mandela Family Trust Rohlilala&quot; including the residence in Qunu, south of South Africa, where the remains of the former president.
Andrade was hit by an explosive device while covering protests in downtown Rio de Janeiro against the rising price of public transport, according to Agencia Brasil.	The cameraman, 49, was wounded while covering a protest in the largest railway station in Rio de Janeiro, against bus fare increase, to 4 months of the World Cup in Brazil.
Meeting in Brussels, the foreign ministers of the 28 EU countries gave the green light to negotiations that should lead to an &quot;agreement on political dialogue and cooperation&quot; with the island led by President Raul Castro.	EP / Brussels The Foreign Ministers of the European Union have approved Monday the conditions to negotiate an agreement on political dialogue and cooperation to normalize relations with Cuba and &quot;encourage&quot; democratic reforms and modernization on the island with the Cuban regime, as they reported by diplomatic sources.
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera said today studying sending a letter of protest to Peru, following the publication of a map in that country a land of 3.7 hectares triangle is awarded, after learning of the decision of the International Court of Justice .	Chilean President is considering sending a letter of protest to Peru.
The magistrate is satisfied that all of them are missing and orders ridding the international arrest warrant Zemin, along with the former Prime Minister Li Peng, head of China&#39;s security and responsible Qiao Shi Police, former Secretary of party in Tibet and the former Minister Chen Kuiyan family Planning Peng Pelyun for their alleged involvement in the genocide in Tibet.	The judge also agreed that the issue of the corresponding orders search and arrest for unconditional imprisonment of former Prime Minister Li Peng also agreed, the head of the Chinese Security and head of the Police Qiao Shi, former Secretary of the party in Chen Kuiyan Tibet and the former Minister of family Planning Peng Pelyun for their alleged involvement in the genocide in Tibet.
Iran agreed in November to give the IAEA mutually agreed relevant information and allow international inspectors access Gachin mine in Bandar Abbas and production plant at Arak heavy water, in the east.	In that document, Iran agreed to provide mutually agreed relevant information and manage access to Gachin mine in Bandar Abbas and production plant at Arak heavy water, in the east of the country.
Santiago de Chile, February 10 .- Chilean President Sebastian Pinera said today that Chile should evaluate their stay in the Pact of Bogotá after losing 22,000 square kilometers of sea that the International Court of Justice granted Peru and Bolivia doors that also present an appeal to that instance.	Chile evaluates leave the Pact of Bogota after a ruling by the International Court of Justice in The Hague which gave Peru an extension neighboring sea in the Pacific Ocean, President Sebastian Pinera said.
The president said that the death of Andrade, announced today, will &quot;stirs and sad&quot; and said that &quot;it is unacceptable that democratic protest be distorted by those who have no respect for human lives.&quot;	&quot;It is unacceptable that democratic protests are distorted by those who have no respect for human lives,&quot; the president said on his Twitter account.
Fisher, 37, who claims to have survived 13 months adrift in the Pacific Ocean, it needed the approval of doctors after recovering with difficulty from his experience that led him to a remote atoll in the Marshall Islands 12 days ago .	Fisher, 37, who claims to have survived thirteen months adrift in the Pacific, needed the green light from doctors after recovering with difficulty from his ordeal until a distant atoll in the Marshall Islands twelve days.
To avoid this sacrifice, he took out an intensive public campaign on the Internet to save his life and proposing alternatives but the direction of the institution resisted and insisted that he should be sacrificed because the aim of the zoo is to ensure that the best genes are passed to future generations, thus preserving long-term survival of the species they shelter.	The address of the institution said giraffe two years, nicknamed Marius, had to be sacrificed because the aim of the zoo is to ensure that the best genes to pass on to future generations, thus preserving long-term survival of the species receiving, appropriated EFE news agency.
According to the Dayton peace agreement of 1995, the Balkan country is composed of two autonomous entities, one for Serbs and another set for Croats and Muslims in Bosnia, and its complicated structure is a large, inefficient and costly administration.	According to the Dayton peace agreement of 1995, Bosnia Herzegovina is divided into two autonomous entities, one for Serbs and another set for Croats and Muslims, which has created a complex and inefficient political and administrative structure.
On February 11, 2013, Benedict announced his decision to resign, the first pope to do in 600 years.	Trial of history &quot;I am sure of fact convinced, that history will offer a trial that will be different from what we often read in the last years of his pontificate,&quot; said Ganswein in a telephone interview.
For its part, Washington confirmed it is in talks with the European Union to develop a financial aid package for Ukraine.	The EU broke Monday in the confrontation between the opposition and President Yanukovych, announcing that prepares with the United States and the IMF on a major program of financial assistance for Ukraine.
Official sources confirmed to the news agency Argentinas representatives of the International Labour Organisation will go to the Vatican, but that Argentine leaders will be among the people who usually go to greet him and kiss his hand in St. Peter&#39;s Square.	However, the agency Noticias Argentinas reported that since the Vatican desmintó the existence of this call and the International Labour Organization will go to the Vatican with Argentine leaders, in order to greet him and kiss his hand in St. Peter&#39;s Square.
On the &quot;stagnation&quot; of the first lady Nadine Heredia, who took only one point, from 40% to 41%, he explained that the population is clear that the failure of The Hague is a matter of state, &quot;and that it does not have no intervention the president&#39;s wife, whose ability to display and view is rather limited to domestic affairs or domestic politics. &quot;	Meanwhile, the approval of the First Lady Nadine Heredia just went from 40% to 41%, as the theme of The Hague &quot;has no intervention the president&#39;s wife, whose ability to display and view is rather limited to policy issues domestic or internal, &quot;said Tapia Peru.
Thus, Member States shall authorize the head of EU diplomacy, Catherine Ashton, and the European Commission to open negotiations, on which should inform the Council and could be suspended if Veintiocho not seen progress in terms of human rights on the island, the sources said.	Thus, Member States shall authorize the head of EU diplomacy, Catherine Ashton, and the European Commission to open negotiations, something that could happen &quot;this month&quot;, diplomatic sources said.
According to preliminary results from the Supreme Electoral Tribunal, with 50.3% of polling stations counted, Solis snatched the stroke of 10 pm the leadership Araya, to achieve 30.22% against 30.13% of the government candidate, while José María Villalta Florez -Estrada, the communist Frente Amplio is in third with 17.23%, and Otto Guevara, of the Libertarian Movement, is fourth with 11.17%.	According to the latest results of the Supreme Electoral Tribunal, Solis sum so far 30.22% of the votes, representing a slight advantage over Araya, which has 30.1%.
In elections on Sunday, about 3.1 million Costa Ricans were called to the polls to pick a president, two vice presidents and 57 members of Congress for the period 2014-2018.	The 6,515 polling stations in Costa Rica opened normally at 06.00 local time, where for twelve hours about 3.1 million people are called to the polls to elect a president, two vice presidents and 57 members of the Legislative Assembly for the period 2014-2018.
Vietnamese 29 Saturday afternoon said through his Twitter account, the end of the application.	In recent days, Alvarenga was held in a hotel in Majuro, surrounded by security measures and with little contact with the outside world.
In recent days Alvarenga was held in a hotel in Majuro, surrounded by security measures and with little contact with the outside world.	&quot;New York City is home to all who live here.
A young demonstrator was arrested on Sunday in Rio de Janeiro, having confessed he had in his hands the flare that seriously wounded a cameraman in a violent protest Thursday against the rising price of public transport.	A 22-year demonstrator was arrested Sunday at his house after having confessed he had in his hands the flare that struck the cameraman.
Depending on the version, they participate Labor Minister Carlos Tomada; the head of the Industrial Union of Argentina, Hector Mendez; and union representatives.	The shooting, which is registered around 12.00, has led to the departure of dozens of students to the street, where there were temperatures below zero degrees, while a helicopter flew over the area and six ambulances arrived at the center.
The Salvadoran who said he spent more than 13 months adrift in a boat discovered from side to side of the Pacific Ocean thanked the people of the Marshall Islands for taking care of him and said he felt &quot;very well&quot; before leaving Monday back home.	José Salvador Alvarenga, a Salvadoran who said he spent more than 13 months adrift in a boat discovered from side to side of the Pacific Ocean, is dismissed by the president of the Marshall Islands, Christopher Loeak, before taking a plane to Hawaii in the airport Majuro, in the Marshall Islands.
&quot;We are confident that in the second round will not be 10 points, will be more than 10 points,&quot; he added the former rebel 69, who is the vice president of the current government.	&quot;We are confident that the second will not be 10 points, will be more than 10 points,&quot; he predicted in reference to the lead over the candidate of the right.
Catholics believe that the pope Francisco is doing a good job, but many disagree with the doctrine of the Church on hot topics, especially the use of contraceptives, according to a global survey released Sunday.	Survey reveals that 87% of Catholics support work done by the pope himself rancisco, respondents have divisions against the implementation of the octrina of the church, as many support the use of contraceptives, divorce and homosexual ARRIAGE.
Parliament last week offered an amnesty for some of the detainees on the condition that protesters vacate the buildings that have occupied.	Among the concessions accepted by the president, Yanukovich last week approved the repeal of recent laws limiting the right to demonstrate and conditions offered an amnesty to activists who had been arrested during the riots.
Speaking to Sana, the governor of Homs, Talal al Barazi said the Government is ready to provide all kinds of support and assistance to remove civilians from the neighborhoods of Old Homs, and bring humanitarian aid to those who wish stay in their homes.	The governor of Homs, Talal al Barazi, said authorities are ready to offer &quot;all kinds of support and assistance&quot; to evacuate those people from the old town and bring humanitarian assistance to civilians who wish to remain inside.
Barazi and volunteers from the Red Crescent are working to extend the operation beyond this Sunday, the last day of the cease-fire to the city agreed between military forces and fighters.	A rocket attack and shooting at several vehicles of the Red Crescent, and other logistical problems, frustrated the hopes of neighbors.
In the afternoon yesterday, amid the fiery speeches of opposition leaders echoing in the Plaza de la Independencia, the presidency issued a statement to inform the president will return to its role today.	&quot;It is the hand of steel Putin which has taken Yanukovich by the balls,&quot; said Lutsenko before the crowd gathered in the Plaza de la Independencia.
The work, led by Stefan Keller of the National University of Australia, estimates that formed about 13,600 million years ago, ie shortly after the Big Bang occurred.	This star was discovered with the telescope &quot;SkyMapper&quot; of the National University of Australia, which is carrying out a five-year investigation of the southern skies.
In response to these concerns, the head of the IAEA, Ali Akbar Salehi, said this week that Iran is ready to &quot;make some changes in the plans to produce less plutonium,&quot; but repeated that Arak is a research reactor.	The head of the IAEA, Ali Akbar Salehi, said this week that Iran would be willing to make &quot;some changes in the plans to produce less plutonium,&quot; but insisted that it is a research reactor.
However, an unexpected mediation could help contain the wage conflict that began to loom on the horizon: Pope Francisco convened a tripartite dialogue table at the Vatican to discuss the situation and try to channel claims.	Yesterday several news media reported that Pope Francis had invited representatives of government, business, and the Argentine unionism to a dialogue in the Vatican, facing the joint.
&quot;They warned that the free movement of workers is intrinsic to the right to participate in the single EU market.	Yes this Sunday not only imposes a system that limits the number of European workers who can enter the country. There will also be restrictions on the right to family reunification of foreigners and access to social services.
The position regarding divorce also seemed to be more tolerant now, with 60 percent of Mexican Catholics who said to disagree with the official position that divorced and married again into people outside the Church living in sin.	Most Catholics around the world is at odds with Catholic teaching on divorce, abortion and contraception, the report said.
&quot;In free movement of goods and services, our countries have agreed to the gradual tariff elimination hundred percent of their trade: 92 percent will be immediately seven short and medium term and one long-term, with periods preset &quot;.	In an article published in the newspaper El Tiempo, the President of Mexico Enrique Peña Nieto explained that on movement of goods and services, countries have agreed on gradual tariff reduction of 100 percent of its trade.
The United States said Sunday that North Korea withdrew the invitation for a special envoy to visit Pyongyang in order to negotiate the release of Kenneth Bae, the US citizen sentenced to 15 years of forced labor.	North Korea on Sunday canceled its invitation to Washington&#39;s envoy Robert King visitase Pyongyang in order to discuss the US citizen Kenneth Bae, a prisoner in the country since 2012, the State Department CNN reported.
Don Juan Carlos, who turned 76 yesterday, reappears today on his first official activity outside the Zarzuela after surgery on his hip last November 21.	The King has decided to allocate from 2014 to the Queen and Princess of Asturias a fixed salary, as did the Prince, which in the case of Dona Sofia is 45 percent of his and that of Letizia 35 percent, while Dona Elena will be limited representation costs of 25,000 euros.
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera reiterated that his country considers etirarse the Pact of Bogota: &quot;I am convinced that the land triangle is Chilean and that so has sustained and has defended and will continue to defend Chile&quot; Pinera said.	This because of the differences arising on the sovereignty of that space after the ruling of the International Court of Justice in The Hague, which marked the beginning of the maritime boundary between the two countries in the Hito No. 1.
A young Marseillais was sentenced to one year in prison for mistreating a cat hanging filmed the scene and recording on the Internet.	Paris - A young man has been sentenced to a year in jail for mistreating a cat, recorded the scene and uploaded the video to the Internet.
Instead, Moscow Yanukovich received 15,000 million in loans as well as a considerable reduction in the price of Russian gas.	Yanukovich, near the Russian president leader, Vladimir Putin, decided to move closer to Moscow Kremlin and received about 15,000 million dollars in loans, and a reduction in the price of Russian gas.
There was nothing on the agenda of the alleged meeting with Argentine representatives to the International Labour Organisation Labour Minister of Argentina, Carlos Tomada; Vice President of the Industrial Union of Argentina, Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the head of the Union of Construction Workers of Argentina, Gerardo Martinez.	Participants include Labor Minister Carlos Tomada, President of the Industrial Union of Argentina, Hector Mendez, Vice President, Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the secretary general of the Uocra, Gerardo Martinez.
The negotiations will be opened while still in force &quot;common position&quot;, the unilateral policy imposed by the EU towards Cuba in 1996 a proposal by the Spanish Government, by then headed by José María Aznar.	Indeed, the negotiations will start remains in effect while the &quot;common position&quot; -the unilateral policy imposed by the EU towards Cuba in 1996 to Spanish Government&#39;s proposal conservative José María Aznar, a &quot;guarantee&quot; required by several Member States to maintain the same policy towards Havana in the event that the talks do not give the expected results.
Here most of the candidates have spoken out in favor of swifter state apparatus, however, the approach seems to be still very shallow for business.	&quot;The two have shown for concessions, and that gives us tranquility.
Peña endorsed with their participation in the VIII Summit of the Pacific Alliance, Mexico showing interest in greater Latin American unity.	Cartagena, February 9 .- The presidents of Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru and Costa Rica are now in the Colombian city of Cartagena to participate Monday in the VIII Summit of the Pacific Alliance, a mechanism considered as &quot;cornerstone of &quot;regional. integration
Member States shall authorize the head of EU diplomacy, Catherine Ashton, and the European Commission to open negotiations.	Thus, Member States shall authorize Ashton and the European Commission to open negotiations, something that could happen &quot;this month&quot;, diplomatic sources said.
Copenhagen Zoo said on Sunday that he would sleep called Marius the animal to avoid inbreeding.	Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said the technology has the potential to significantly reduce accidents, injuries and deaths on the streets and highways of the nation.
Proponents of the initiative to limit the entry of EU workers celebrate their victory in the referendum.	Its three properties were bequeathed to the family foundation &quot;Nelson Rohlilala Mandela Family Trust&quot;, including the house where he is buried in Qunu, in South Africa, and Johannesburg, where he received medical care in the affluent suburb of Houghton .
Kerry &quot;reiterated the importance of the two parties to negotiate in good faith and that Iran respects its commitments&quot; reached an agreement in November.	In his meeting face to face on Sunday on the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference, Kerry Zarif reiterated the importance that both sides negotiate in good faith, and that Iran meet its commitments, according to the State Department.
The veteran president of Uruguay, 78 and former Tupamaros guerrilla, has repeatedly shown their willingness to &quot;aiding and abetting&quot; in the current process of dialogue that tries to end the Colombian armed conflict.	Before that event, the Uruguayan president, former guerrilla Tupamaros, has had declared his intention to take advantage of his trip to Cuba to maintain contacts with both representatives of the guerrillas and with his Colombian counterpart, Juan Manuel Santos, who also participated in the summit, but who finally he did not meet with Mujica.
The landslide occurred Saturday night in the town of Morochata and buried about 15 houses, he said at a press conference Secretary of Mother Earth Rights of the Government of Cochabamba, Cinthia Vargas.	Sliding a hill on several houses in the Chullpa K&#39;asa community in the municipality of Morochata in Cochabamba, because of the rains left four people dead balance and ten missing, the secretariat of the Rights of Mother Earth reported the Governor of Cochabamba, Cintia Vargas.
The Foreign Ministry issued a statement in which he explained that the ambassador of Mexico in the Philippines, Julio Camarena, contacted the castaway well as various authorities of that archipelago, including Foreign Minister Phillip Muller.	&quot;Local authorities will report that the affected states a precarious state of health, derived from their journey at sea but is recovering,&quot; he said in a statement.
Kiev demonstrations began after Yanukovich rejected sign a free trade agreement with the European Union, to promote their relations with Russia.	The country, which is going through a bad financial situation remained without European financial support when the government of Yanukovich resigned in late November to sign an association agreement with the European Union, triggering the first street protests.
The other with José María del Corral, education specialist, director of San Martin de Tours School and one of the two appointees chosen by Francis himself to lead his project of the World Network of Schools, a program to connect virtually to different educational institutions worldwide.	According to the site, to March 19, the Pope is only scheduled two meetings with Argentine: one with the head of the Union of Mechanical and Allied Automotive Transportation, Ricardo Pignanelli, and the other, with José María del Corral, education specialist , director of San Martin de Tours School and one of the two appointees chosen by Francis himself to lead his project of the World Network of Schools.
As official reason, the meeting is presented as a tour of the Argentina official delegation of the International Labour Organization, as Martinez is the representative of Argentine unionism in meetings entity organized in Geneva, while Funes de Rioja occupies that role by the national business.	The official reason for the meeting will be a visit to the Vatican by a delegation of the International Labour Organisation, which represents the Argentine Martinez unionism, while Funes de Rioja occupies that role by the national business.
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera confirm avoided sending a protest note to Peru following the controversy over the sovereignty of the &quot;land triangle&quot; following the ruling of the International Court of Justice in The Hague.	President Sebastian Pinera said today that Chile should evaluate their stay in the pact after the ruling of the International Court of Justice in The Hague.
The Salvadoran José Salvador Alvarenga, who claims to have survived 13 months adrift in the Pacific Ocean to Hawaii arrive early on Tuesday then lead his country to join his family.	Alvarenga, who come to Hawaii early Tuesday, then head to El Salvador to meet with his family, which has long given him up for dead.
The presidents of the Pacific Alliance held today in Cartagena de Indias its eighth summit.	After complying with these requirements, the liberalization of trade in the Pacific Alliance enter into force immediately.
The accident occurred around 2:30 pm on a stretch of road between the towns of Fusagasugá and Silvania, in the central department of Cundinamarca, and about 50 kilometers south of Bogota, said in a telephone interview Captain Ivan Dario Valenzuela , fire chief in Cundinamarca.	According to the report of the Fire Department, the bus crashed tourism, affiliated with the company Renetur SA, TTP 373 plates, carrying a group of officials from District 50 to 60 years old from the Ministry of Social Integration, IDIPRON, the District Comptroller, Mobility and Land Registry.
At the moment, they were summoned to meet Labour Minister of Argentina, Carlos Tomada; President of the Industrial Union of Argentina, Hector Mendez; his deputy, Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the head of the Union of Construction Workers of Argentina, Gerardo Martinez, one of the main references of the official CGT.	Participants include Labor Minister Carlos Tomada, President of the Industrial Union of Argentina, Hector Mendez, Vice President, Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the secretary general of the Uocra, Gerardo Martinez.
As explained ESA in a statement, the colors of the image have been altered to study the complex processes saturnine meteorology.	The colors of the image, centered on a position at 0 ° longitude and 35 degrees north latitude, have been altered to study the complex processes saturnine meteorology.
Besides Jiang, president of China between 1993 and 2003, the judge ordered via Interpol, the arrest of Li Peng, the Chinese prime minister in the late 80s and early 90s; Qiao Shi, former head of China&#39;s security and armed police responsible; Chen Kuiyuan, secretary of the Communist Party of China in Tibet between 1992 and 2001 and Pelyun Peng, minister of Family Planning in the 80&#39;s.	In addition to the arrest of Jiang, president between 1993 and 2003, the judge ordered the arrest via Interpol Li Peng, Chinese prime minister in the late 80s and early 90s; Qiao Shi, former head of the Chinese Security and head of the police; Chen Kuiyuan, secretary of the Communist Party of China in Tibet between 1992 and 2001; and Pelyun Peng, minister of Family Planning in the 80s of the twentieth century.
Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov announced yesterday that the Kremlin will not resume the rescue of the Ukrainian economy until Kiev pay off their debts for the supply of natural gas in 2013.	Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said on Saturday that Moscow resume rescue Ukraine&#39;s economy when the country pay off its debts for the supply of natural gas in 2013.
The institution of the European country, justified the sacrifice arguing that it was a decision to &quot;avoid future problems of consanguinity because the aim of the zoo is to ensure that the best genes are passed on to future generations, thus preserving long-term survival of the species welcome &quot;he cites ABC.es., despite the complaints and online campaigns animal advocates and other zoo offers for Marius.	The management of the institution has argued that Marius, two years, must be killed because the aim of the zoo is to ensure that the best genes are passed on to future generations, thus preserving long-term survival of the species they shelter.
One of the self-defense groups operating in the region called Tierra Caliente of Michoacán entered peacefully this morning in the municipality of Apatzingan, the main bastion of drug trafficking band calling itself the Knights Templar.	One of the armed civil defense groups operating in the Mexican state of Michoacan entered peacefully today in the municipality of Apatzingan, the main stronghold of the band of drug trafficking and organized crime Knights Templar.
The Swiss have decided in a referendum again limit the entry of citizens of countries of the European Union to its labor market, through the establishment of annual fees to be implemented within three years.	The Swiss approved Sunday in a referendum by 50.3% of the vote, returning to limit the entry of citizens of countries of the European Union to its labor market by establishing annual installments within three years.
President Santos announced that countries like Finland, Singapore, Israel and Morocco have expressed their intention to participate as observers of the Pacific Alliance.	Judge Ismael Moreno Spanish National Court considers Jiang, 87 currently responsible for those crimes for his role as &quot;supervisory authority&quot; over those who committed directly against the Tibetan population.
Cuba authorities indicated that &quot;everything could be on the table,&quot; including human rights.	EU countries decided to retain, for the moment, the &quot;common position&quot; adopted in 1996 which determines the links with Havana to advances in human rights.
Apparently, the reason is to comply with the rules of the European Association of Zoos and Aquariums.	It all began when the Danish zoo announced that it would sacrifice the giraffe named Marius due to lack of space in the cell of giraffes zoo and to avoid inbreeding.
The Mexican Foreign Ministry confirmed that El Salvador had declared as his last place of residence Riviera, in the town of Tonala, in Chiapas state, from where boat went adrift ended the Pacific.	The castaway said his last place of residence was in Costa Azul, Tonala, Chiapas, Mexico, where the stricken boat departed.
The composition of the new star shows that formed following a primordial star that was 60 times the mass of the sun.	&quot;In the case of the star that we have identified, the amount of iron present is less than one millionth of the sun and a factor of at least 60 times less than any other star known.
Kiev - The European Union announced Monday the preparation, alongside the US, a financial aid package for Ukraine, immersed in its worst crisis since independence, coinciding with the return to work of President Viktor Yanukovych, after a short illness.	The EU broke Monday in the struggle between the opposition and President Yanukovich, announcing that US prepares with a major program of financial assistance for Ukraine.
The Pact of Bogotá, which Chile joined in 1948, the ICJ gives power to resolve disputes between signatory nations.	Chile signed the Pact of Bogotá of 1948, which gives the ICJ jurisdiction to resolve disputes between nations adhere to the agreement.
The National Front, which polls lie ahead in the European elections in France or the British eurosceptic Ukip party that advocates EU output and a drastic reduction of immigration, applauded this &quot;wonderful news&quot;.	Ashton noted that the EC and the EU Council &quot;is now considering how we can make better progress ...
After two months of protests and the outbreak of violent unrest, Prime Minister of Ukraine resigned, however, opponents continue to call for holding early elections.	After more than two months of protests and the outbreak of violent unrest, the Ukrainian government resigned, but opponents still claim early elections, both legislative and presidential elections.
The appointment is part of a roadmap established in November between the IAEA and Iran, which provided six stages that must comply Tehran between now and Feb. 11, including the visit of experts from the agency to the production plant of heavy water Arak.	One of these steps included the visit of experts from the agency to the production plant at Arak heavy water and a mine uranium mining in Gachin.
Pope Francisco today received in private audience with the president of Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, who formally invited the Argentine pontiff to visit the country during the celebration of the soccer World Cup, which begins June 12.	Pope Francisco today convened representatives from government, the business community and the Argentine unions to a dialogue in the Vatican, facing wage negotiations and in a scenario of depreciation of the peso and inflation.
Havana, Feb. 3 .- The president of Uruguay, Jose Mujica, met in Havana last week with the delegation of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia negotiating peace with the Colombian government week, as confirmed by a spokesman of the guerrilla .	Upon arrival at the Palace of Conventions in Havana, the guerrilla delegation confirmed that the president of Uruguay, Jose Mujica, met last week with the FARC negotiators, though without revealing details on the content of the meeting.
De Blasio announced that its goal is to issue identity cards municipal &quot;all New Yorkers during this year&quot; and &quot;regardless of immigration status.&quot;	&quot;New York City is home to all who live here.
The insurgent group also denied that its top leader, Rodrigo Londoño Echeverri, &quot;Timoshenko&quot; has been in Havana, in response to a statement by the Colombian presidential candidate Óscar Iván Zuluaga, the uribista Democratic Center.	In addition, Catatumbo denied that the leader of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Timoleon Jimenez &quot;Timoshenko&quot; is or has been secretly in Cuba, as on Sunday the Colombian presidential candidate Oscar Ivan Zuluaga, belonging to the party of former President Alvaro said Uribe.
The management of the institution has argued that Marius, two years, must be killed because the aim of the zoo is to ensure that the best genes are passed on to future generations, thus preserving long-term survival of the species they shelter.	The zoo said Wednesday on its website that could not grow the little giraffe to avoid inbreeding between individuals of the species.
&quot;The FMLN is open&quot; to make alliances, said today Sanchez Ceren reporters, while indicating that the ex-president Elias Antonio Saca, candidate of the Movement Unit, congratulated him on the phone and have remained discuss a possible agreement ahead the second round.	Both Sanchez Ceren as Quijano recognized face in the second round the goal is to attract voters who backed Saca.
Meanwhile, the Ukrainian opposition has declared that &quot;there is nothing to talk about&quot; with Yanukovich, while demanding an international investigation into &quot;crimes committed by the authorities.&quot;	There is nothing to talk about with him &#39; &quot;The dictator will not negotiate with anyone.
The Council of Foreign Ministers of the European Union today gave the green light to start negotiating an agreement on political dialogue and cooperation with Cuba, in order to accompany the reforms on the island and support greater respect for human rights.	The Council of Foreign Ministers of the European Union agreed on Monday, the future negotiations for a political dialogue and cooperation with Cuba, in order to accompany the reforms of the Castro government and support greater respect for human rights, decision it was harshly criticized by the Cuban exile and dissent.
Iran resumed talks on its nuclear program with the International Atomic Energy Organization on Saturday, the official IRNA news agency said in discussions that will address sensitive military matters.	After a day and a half of negotiations, the IAEA and the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran today issued a joint press release in which claim that Tehran has complied with the six commitments in November and agree to cooperate on seven other issues, reported the Iranian state news agency IRNA, which does not detail the content of the agreement.
At the same attended by Labor Minister Carlos Tomada; UIA President Hector Mendez, his deputy Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the head of the Union of Construction Workers of Argentina and referent of the official CGT, Gerardo Martínez, as cited by the newspapers La Nacion and Perfil, which did not rule out the presence of Caló.	They had noted that the pontiff would receive on Wednesday 19 March to Labor Minister Carlos Tomada; UIA President Hector Mendez, his deputy Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the head of the Workers Union of Construction and referent of the official CGT, Gerardo Martínez.
King Juan Carlos has decided to allocate a fixed salary from 2014 to Queen Sofia and Princess of Asturias, as did Prince, reported a spokesman for the Spanish Royal House.	The King has decided to allocate from 2014 to the Queen and Princess of Asturias a fixed salary, as did the Prince, which in the case of Dona Sofia is 45 percent of his and that of Letizia 35 percent, while Dona Elena will be limited representation costs of 25,000 euros.
WASHINGTON - Authorities of US Transportation announced Monday that would require manufacturers to equip new vehicles with technology that allows cars advised if they are on a collision course.	Authorities US Transportation announced Monday that will propose making it mandatory for manufacturers equip cars and other vehicles with new technology that allows vehicles to communicate with each other to avoid collisions.
&quot;In the case of the star that we have identified, the amount of iron present is less than one millionth of the sun and a factor of at least 60 times less than any other star known.	The composition of the new star shows that formed following a primordial star that was 60 times the mass of the sun.
&quot;Mediation must contribute to negotiations between the opposition and President Yanukovich and avoid other interpretations,&quot; Klitschko said yesterday before his followers.	The EU broke Monday in the confrontation between the opposition and President Yanukovych, announcing that prepares with the United States and the IMF on a major program of financial assistance for Ukraine.
DATA - On Tuesday, President Ollanta Humala will make a state visit to Colombia on Tuesday after participating in Cartagena at the summit of the Pacific Alliance.	&quot;Chile will have to evaluate whether it remains or is removed from the Pact of Bogota&quot; Pinera said in an interview with the state channel TVN Sunday night from Cartagena, where he is attending the Summit of the Pacific Alliance, his country integrates with Colombia, Peru and Mexico.
In recent days, Alvarenga was held in a hotel in Majuro, surrounded by security measures and with little contact with the outside world.	Of the 7.93 million euros that the Casa del Rey received from the State Budget for 2013, the institution managed to save 23,943 euros thanks to &quot;considerable effort carefully maintained throughout the year in terms of austerity in spending,&quot; says the Comptroller of the Casa del Rey, Oscar Moreno Gil, the report that raises annually to the head of the House, Rafael Spottorno, and for the first time has been distributed to the media.
Following the adoption of the rules of the Industrial Relations Act, the Ministry of Labour could temporarily suspend the registration of trade unions of civil construction, provided that the Public Ministry communicated that there is evidence of criminal acts.	So far they have confirmed their attendance to the meeting the Minister of Argentine Labor, Carlos Tomada; President of the Industrial Union of Argentina, Hector Mendez; and vice president of that entity, Daniel Funes de Rioja.
The water level of the River Thames is at its highest level since the 1980s due to the intensity of the rains of recent weeks in England, reported Monday the British Environment Agency.	The water level of the River Thames is at its highest level since the last eighties due to the intensity of the rains of recent weeks in England, reported Monday the British Environment Agency.
Three people, two adults and a child, were killed and 11 remain missing after fall apart a hill in the community of Chullpa K&#39;asa in the Cochabamba municipality of Morochata product of heavy rains affecting the region for several days.	Mourning after landslide in Morochata Times - 2 hours ago At least 14 people were then buried the slip of a hill on Saturday, February 8, in Chullpa K&#39;asa Chico, Cochabamba municipality of Morochata product of heavy rains affect the region for several days.
Relations between the United States and France now living unimaginable ten years have left behind one of its worst crisis in 200 years of relationship now, today recognized the presidents Barack Obama and Francois Hollande. &quot;A decade ago few would have imagined our two countries working so closely in many ways,&quot; they said both leaders in an opinion piece published Monday set in The Washington Post and Le Monde.	Preamble of this meeting, Hollande and US President Barack Obama issued a call for an ambitious agreement on climate change in a joint article published Monday by the daily Le Monde and The Washington Post, AFP reported.
Amos praised the &quot;courage and tenacity&quot; of equipment UN and Red Crescent who entered the old city of Homs to try to distribute aid and stressed that the attacks suffered &quot;are a stark reminder of the dangers civilians and humanitarian workers are every day in Syria. &quot;	According to the Syrian official news agency Sana, the delegation of the UN and Red Crescent pulled out of those neighborhoods surrounded a new group of 112 people, all children, women and the elderly.
In addition to Jiang Zemin and Li PEGN, would arrest warrants against former security chief Qiao Shi of China; the leader of the Chinese Communist Party in Tibet Chen Kuiyuan; and former Minister of Family Planning Peng Peiyun.	In addition to the former Chinese president, Judge Moreno ordered the search and arrest through Interpol of former Prime Minister Li Peng, former security chief Qiao Shi Chinese; former secretary of the Communist Party of China in Tibet Chen Kuiyuan, and the former minister of Family Planning Peng Peiyun.
Peña Nieto &quot;has been a very brave president who has taken some very difficult decisions to make reforms necessary, but very difficult to assimilate and think has done very loud and clear,&quot; Santos told Notimex.	The president of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, today recognized the structural reforms that his colleague Enrique Peña Nieto has done in Mexico and highlighted the ties of friendship between both nations.
The candidate of the Citizens Action Party (PAC), Luis Guillermo Solis, has been placed ahead in the presidential elections in Costa Rica with 30.8 percent of the vote after passing the scrutiny the candidate of the National Liberation Party (PLN) Johnny Araya, who has fallen to 29.6 percent after starting the night as the winner.	During his speech Sunday night, the candidate of the PAC, which in 2005 left the PLN saying that the party had &quot;lost soul&quot; reached out &quot;to all sectors who want that different policy.&quot;
FARC spokesman gave no further details held meeting with the Uruguayan president, who on more than one occasion has offered the service of his Government to cooperate with the peace process.	The Uruguayan president, who on more than one occasion has offered the service of his Government to cooperate with the peace process, said earlier last week that held some discussions about the conflict that settle over a year ago the Government of Colombia and the FARC, but he did not specify with whom.
Thus, the States concerned authorize the head of EU diplomacy, Catherine Ashton, and the European Commission to open negotiations, something that could happen &quot;this month&quot;, diplomatic sources said.	Thus, Member States shall authorize the head of EU diplomacy, Catherine Ashton, and the European Commission to open negotiations, on which should inform the Council and could be suspended if Veintiocho not seen progress in terms of human rights on the island, the sources said.
To all this, various organizations were called to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Stroessner dictatorship in the center of Asuncion.	A 25 years after the fall of that dictatorship, certain sectors of society understand that many issues have not undergone substantial positive changes.
The work, led by Stefan Keller of the National University of Australia, estimates that formed about 13,600 million years ago, ie shortly after the Big Bang occurred.	This star was discovered with the telescope &quot;SkyMapper&quot; of the National University of Australia, which is carrying out a five-year investigation of the southern skies.
Four of the dead were motorcyclists, who have lost their lives in traffic accidents caused by snow and ice in Ishikawa and Nagano prefectures.	Snow and ice were apparently responsible for several traffic accidents occurred in the prefectures of Ishikawa, Nagano and Aichi which resulted in total with 10 deaths, reported public broadcaster NHK.
&quot;Freedom of expression is a fundamental principle of democracy and can never be used to kill, injure, attacking and threatening human lives, nor plundering public or private equity,&quot; Rousseff said in a series of messages on Twitter.	&quot;Freedom of expression is a fundamental principle of democracy and can never be used to kill, injure, attacking and threatening human lives or public stoning heritage,&quot; Brazilian President has exposed the social network.
According to the survey, 87% of Catholics believe that Francisco is doing a good or excellent job, when in March it marks the first year of his papacy.	According to the survey, 87% of Catholics believe that Francisco is doing a good or excellent job, however, 78% favor the use of contraceptives, which is against the doctrine of the Church.
EFE - The Salvadoran castaway Jose Salvador Alvarenga arrive in the coming hours to Hawaii on a flight from the remote Marshall Islands, on the way to his country to finally reunite with his family after more than a year adrift enr Pacific.	In Kosovo lives a lot of Serbs in the last decade have been the biggest victims of abuses by the Kosovar Albanians.
José Salvador Albarengo, 37, sailed from Mexico on December 24, 2012 and Thursday of last week was found in the distant Ebon coral atoll in the Marshall Islands, wearing just a tattered pants.	Alvarenga, who had disappeared after leaving Mexico on December 24, 2012 in a small boat with the intention to go fishing, was found alive on Thursday last week in the distant coral atoll of Ebon in the Marshall Islands, wearing just a tattered pants.
Pope resignation, &quot;confirmed the spokesman for the Vatican press office, Federico Lombardi.	Yes, I think it will have consequences for future pontificates, &quot;said Vatican spokesman, Federico Lombardi, in December.
Thus, the judge disobeys the order of the fourth section of the Criminal Division of the National Court, which last November urged Moreno was coursing arrest warrants for five against the opinion of the magistrate, who until Monday had not followed this mandate of the court.	In the car, released Monday, Moreno plays the order of the Fourth Section of the Criminal Division, which rejected the motion for dismissal raised by the prosecution against orders search and arrest to understand that there are &quot;indications of involvement in the facts &quot;of five senior officials in view of the&quot; military and political responsibility &quot;that sported.
The statue of Lenin, who was near the nerve center of the protests, was reduced to rubble by the hammer blows perpetrated by protesters following its demolition days.	The statue of Lenin, which stood near the nerve center of the protests, Independence Square, was reduced to pieces with a hammer in following its demolition by radical demonstrators days, 7 December.
At the same attended by Labor Minister Carlos Tomada; UIA President Hector Mendez, his deputy Daniel Funes de Rioja, and the head of the Union of Construction Workers of Argentina and referent of the official CGT, Gerardo Martínez, as cited by the newspapers La Nacion and Perfil, which did not rule out the presence of Caló.	This is the case of the Minister of Labour and Social Security of the Nation, Carlos Tomada, who in 2011 did produce a film about his political career in Kirchner, publicly funded.
The Swiss referendum approved yesterday by narrowly re limit the entry of citizens of the European Union to its labor market.	The game developer, 29, and currently residing in Hanoi, Vietnam, announced the departure of this application, which has recently gained huge popularity for its addictive gameplay, in addition to apologize to the Internet.
As explained ESA in a statement, the colors of the image have been altered to study the complex processes saturnine meteorology.	The colors of the image, centered on a position at 0 ° longitude and 35 degrees north latitude, have been altered to study the complex processes saturnine meteorology.
The landslide occurred last night in the town of Morochata and buried about 15 houses, he said at a press conference Secretary of Mother Earth Rights of the Government of Cochabamba, Cinthia Vargas.	Sliding a hill on several houses in the Chullpa K&#39;asa community in the municipality of Morochata in Cochabamba, because of the rains left four people dead balance and ten missing, the secretariat of the Rights of Mother Earth reported the Governor of Cochabamba, Cintia Vargas.
The authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina are waiting for new citizens today held protests amid political appeals to call early elections, as reported by local media.	What should politicians in Bosnia and Herzegovina to calm down the protesters?
This new agreement reached between Tehran and the UN agency does not include a visit to the Parchin military installation, required since 2012, on suspicion of harboring nuclear tests, according to an Iranian official.	This new agreement, however, does not include a visit to the Parchin military installation, required since 2012 on suspicion of harboring nuclear tests, according to the Iranian ambassador to the IAEA, Reza Najafi, the agency Isna.
After several days under medical treatment at a clinic, the president of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovich, is incorporated back to work, as reported by the Presidency in Kiev.	Fernanda Naranjo, technical Geophysics Institute on duty at the observatory Guadalupe, said yesterday that the activity of the Tungurahua remains at high levels and that there was an increase in the intensity of the explosions that occurred between Saturday night and yesterday so as continuous ash emissions were heading south and southeast.
One of those arrested &quot;were identified as Antonio Magana Pantoja, related to unlawful acts such as drug distribution and extortions for organized crime group operating in the area and who was determined, is half brother of Nazario Moreno and cousin Enrique Plancarte &quot;.	One of those arrested said Antonio Magana Pantoja be charged with drug distribution and extortions, identified as &quot;the half-brother of Nazario Moreno and Enrique Plancarte cousin&quot;, the two leaders Templar adds the part.
The ruling National Liberation Party was punished today&#39;s presidential election in Costa Rica when he was forced to face a runoff in the Citizen Action Party, center-left, who surprisingly won in the first round.	In an environment of high uncertainty, with no clear favorite candidate, the ruling National Liberation Party has been punished by Costa Rican voters and will be forced, with 29.6% of the vote, to face off in a second round on 6 April to Citizen Action Party, center-left, which surprisingly had the highest percentage of votes in the first round.
&quot;Chile will have to evaluate if kept or removed from the Pact of Bogota&quot; Pinera said in an interview with the state channel TVN Sunday night from the city of Cartagena de Indias where he participated in the Summit of the Pacific Alliance, which his country integrates with Colombia, Peru and Mexico.	&quot;Chile will have to evaluate if kept or removed from the Pact of Bogota&quot; Pinera said in an interview to National Television of Chile from Carategena de Indias, Colombia, where he is to participate in the Summit of the Pacific Alliance.
Iran agreed in November to deliver to the IAEA mutually agreed relevant information and allow international inspectors access Gachin mine in Bandar Abbas and production plant at Arak heavy water, in the east.	The event, which can last all day, is part of a roadmap established in November between the IAEA and Iran, which provided six stages that must comply Tehran between now and Feb. 11, including a visit by agency experts to the production plant at Arak heavy water.
The famous South African heritage be divided among family members, close associates of the schools where he studied and the African National Congress, his party, currently remains in government.	His legacy is also dispute his other family, the African National Congress, the political party in which militated always.
Pope Francisco denied yesterday having convened a meeting of representatives of the government of Cristina Kirchner, the Industrial Union Argentina and the CGT to discuss the economic situation in the country, in a scenario of inflation and peer, with the alleged purpose of &quot;ensure social peace&quot;.	On 26 November, Francis received for nearly two hours to the Board of the pro-government CGT, led by Caló, who said the pope asked the union leaders &quot;for the unity of all Argentines.&quot;
The shooting took place at 14:00 local time in the main orthodox temple of Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, where just over 180 thousand people.	Since starting the Winter Olympics in Sochi, on the Black Sea, the Russian authorities have tightened security measures across the country. The shooting took place in southern Sakhalin island, located more than 7,000 kilometers from Sochi.
Almost two months of the death of former President of South Africa, the testament of 40 pages was read at the headquarters of the Mandela Foundation in Johannesburg, in the presence of his family and his three executors: Moseneke, George Bizos, former lawyer and close friend Mandela, and judge Themba Sangoni.	&#39;Tata Madiba&#39; as he called his, leaves a juicy inheritance valued at 46 million rands, as announced custodians of his will, the former lawyer and close friend of Mandela, George Bizos, and Judge Themba Sangoni.
The ruling of the International Court of Justice refers only to the maritime boundary with Chile and not the land delimitation, he said today the president Ollanta Humala, who said that his execution should be &quot;yes or yes&quot; and can not be subject to any conditioning .	He said further that the verdict of the International Court of Justice in The Hague does not refer to the land, but the maritime boundary, and insisted that the so-called terrestrial triangle is Chilean.
One of the self-defense groups operating in the region called Tierra Caliente, Michoacan, peacefully took the town of Apatzingan, the main bastion of drug cartel &#39;Knights Templar&#39;.	One of the armed civil defense groups operating in the Mexican state of Michoacan entered peacefully today in the municipality of Apatzingan, the main stronghold of the band of drug trafficking and organized crime Knights Templar.
At a press conference in Johannesburg, at an event organized by the Constitutional Court of South Africa, they were released the minutes of will and testament of the maximum anti-apartheid leader, who bequeathed his estate to his family, close associates, schools where study and the African National Congress.	After a public reading of the will, Mandela bequeathed part of his heritage but also his family, his charities, his closest collaborators and his party, the African National Congress.
Hipolito Mora, leader of this group of native self defense municipality of Buenavista Tomatlan, adjacent to Apatzingan, led about 100 men who left their weapons outside the community to enter dressed in white cathedral.	Hipolito Mora, leader of this group from the community of La Ruana, in the municipality of Buenavista Tomatlan, adjacent to Apatzingan, led about a hundred men who laid down their weapons in their community to get dressed in white in the church of that population in the region of Tierra Caliente ..
Lieutenant Euclid that have ruled to the dead time because of the accident, noting that in the place there are 10 ambulances and three fire engines to treat the wounded.	&quot;Currently there are no fatalities,&quot; he reported the fire department through his Twitter account.
This very active in Ukrainian opposition activist Viktor Yanukovich president claims to have been kidnapped on January 22 in Kiev and tortured for a week before being released in the middle of a forest.	This opposition of 35 years and father of three children was kidnapped on January 22 in Kiev and tortured for a week before being released in the middle of a forest.
Four years ago, in April 2010, they marked the undecided and 11% white vote, 4 percent.	The survey, conducted by Ipsos Napoleon Franco firm for various media, indicates that the white vote would have the preference &quot;if elections were held today,&quot; while 23 percent are undecided yet.
It also participates Costa Rican President Laura Chinchilla, whose country has already admitted to the group and is awaiting entry into force of the FTA with Mexico and Colombia.	the arrival of the Costa Rican president, Laura Chinchilla, who will participate in the first part of the presidential summit was also expected.
The Commission of Truth and Justice registered a total of 425 executed or disappeared and some 20,000 detainees, most victims of torture, and 20,814 people were forced into exile.	The Commission of Truth and Justice registered 425 executed or disappeared during the dictatorship and nearly 20,000 detainees, most victims of beatings, electric shocks, burns and other forms of torture.
According to the survey released by the magazine &quot;Semana&quot;, radio FM and radio stations and television RCN, 38 percent of Colombians believe the country is on track, compared to 62 percent who think otherwise .	In the event that Santos faces Zuluaga on the ballot, the current president would get 38 percent of the vote, compared to 18 percent of its rival.
Representatives of the Secretariat of Mother Earth and Risk Management Unit entered the place with volunteer SAR Group for the rescue.	Also, Vargas said that the journey of a commission to the area is prepared to assist with the rescue, although they were sent yesterday some ambulances and effective Unit Risk Management, the SAR-FAB and Police Boliviana.
For example, 58% disagree with the concept of orthodoxy that divorced people are living in sin and therefore can not receive communion.	The document made see that 58 percent of respondents disagreed with the rule that the person who has been divorced and remarried outside the Church, living in sin and therefore can not receive communion.
others, should give information of their new research reactors and identifying 16 locations designated for the construction of new nuclear plants and clarify your ads on additional facilities for uranium enrichment and laser technology for enrichment.	Iran agreed in November to give the IAEA mutually agreed relevant information and allow international inspectors access Gachin mine in Bandar Abbas and production plant at Arak heavy water, in the east.
Chilean government said today that President Sebastian Pinera will talk again with his Peruvian counterpart, President Ollanta Humala, on the recent ruling of the Court of The Hague on maritime boundaries, within the framework of the Summit of the Pacific Alliance which takes place tomorrow In colombia.	Piñera and Humala addressed the failure of The Hague at the summit in Colombia Piñera and Humala addressed the failure of the Hague summit in Colombia Chilean President Sebastian Pinera speak with his Peruvian counterpart, Ollanta Humala, on the recent back again judgment of the International Court of Justice on the maritime boundary between the two countries within the framework of the summit of the Pacific Alliance which begins today in Colombia, Chilean Foreign Minister Alfredo Moreno.
On reaching the small atoll south of Marshall, Albarengo, who does not speak English, islands communicated through drawings and gestures with the mayor of the place, explaining that he survived by eating turtles, birds and fish caught with their hands and hydrated with turtle blood when it was not raining.	Not speaking English, the castaway communicated through drawings and gestures with the mayor of the place, explaining as best he could have survived by eating turtles, birds and fish caught with their hands, and drinking the blood of turtles when it was not raining.
Russian Interior Minister Vladimir Kolokoltsev, joined in the scene by the Attorney General initiated three criminal process: for hostage-taking, murder and attempted murder of police officer.	The moment has opened an investigation into hostage-taking, murder and attacking the life of members of the security forces.
More than 10,000 protesters have taken to the streets today in Kiev which represents the twelfth consecutive Sunday to protest against the government of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich.	More than 10,000 demonstrators took to the streets again Sunday in Kiev.
Despite the bombings and shootings, Crescent has managed to distribute 250 food parcels and 190 hygiene products and medicines.	The newspaper La Nacion published yesterday that the Argentine pontiff, amid political and economic tension in the country, convened a meeting on March 19 at the Vatican with members of the Government, employers and trade unionists.
&quot;We are confident that in the second round will not be 10 points, will be more than 10 points,&quot; he added the former rebel 69, who is the vice president of the current government.	&quot;We are confident that the second will not be 10 points, will be more than 10 points,&quot; the advantage over Quijano, has predicted. endientes the final scrutiny
According to the survey, 87% of Catholics believe that Francisco is doing a good or excellent job, when in March it marks the first year of his papacy.	According to the survey, 87% of Catholics believe that Francisco is doing a good or excellent job, however, 78% favor the use of contraceptives, which is against the doctrine of the Church.
Readme, what happened? She says that you summoned to a meeting on 19 March by the crisis. -No, that&#39;s not true.	Aid has been arriving today to the hardest hit areas of the city, after yesterday several attacks on humanitarian convoys of the UN and the Red Crescent, of which the Syrian regime and opposition accused each other were recorded.
Spanish Catholics which for centuries supported the doctrine of the Church are among the most liberal, alongside the French, while Africans and Filipinos are among the most conservative.	Another fact that should be analyzed is that most Catholics go to church, that is, the practitioners are also more conservative.
These arrests are the result of an operation carried out on Saturday when federal forces first worked jointly with militants who in January signed an agreement with the federal government and enlisted in the Army institutional Rural Defense.	It was the first time made an operating shoulder to shoulder with militiamen, who in January signed an agreement with the Government and enlisted in the Army institutional Rural Defenses.
Before the meeting, the Uruguayan president had announced his intention to seize the appointment to maintain contacts with representatives of both the guerrillas and with his Colombian counterpart, Juan Manuel Santos, who also participated in the summit but ultimately did not meet with Mujica.	Before that event, the Uruguayan president, former guerrilla Tupamaros, has had declared his intention to take advantage of his trip to Cuba to maintain contacts with both representatives of the guerrillas and with his Colombian counterpart, Juan Manuel Santos, who also participated in the summit, but who finally he did not meet with Mujica.
But protesters and opposition reject it because it will enter into force only when vacate the occupied official buildings, including the city council of the capital Kiev.	Under it, participants in the disorders that have been happening since last November have 15 days, starting today, to vacate the occupied official buildings, including the City of Kiev, controlled by radical protesters.
Salaries for members of the Royal Family represent 8.98 percent of the budget of 7.77 million euros with which the Casa del Rey account for 2014, representing a two percent less than it received in 2013 .	The rare times when Alvarenga has appeared in public since Friday has done surrounded by a group of volunteers, who remain in his room and help him fulfill his desire not to talk to the press about his ordeal at sea.
The cabinet of state security meets urgently in the state capital, led by Governor Fausto Vallejo, while officers of the federal police, the Mexican Army and the Navy alert is also maintained in the 43 military zone based in Apatzingan to avoid any armed clash between groups and drug traffickers.	The cabinet of state security shall meet emergency in Morelia, the state capital, led by Governor Fausto Vallejo, while officers of the Federal Police, Army and Navy warning also remain in the military zone of Apatzingan to avoid any clash between self-defense groups and drug traffickers.
The standards of the American Treaty on Pacific Settlement establish that, even two years after announcing the abandonment of the agreement, a third country may submit litigation before the high court.	Chile has insisted dozens of times that is respectful of international treaties and the peaceful resolution of conflicts.
From there he travels to El Salvador, probably through the west coast of the United States to join his family.	He was flying first to Hawaii and then to El Salvador, where he will meet with his family.
The judge ordered the arrest through Interpol for crimes of genocide, torture and crimes against humanity in the case called Tibet.	In a ruling issued Monday, Judge Ismael Moreno issued the orders to Interpol for committing crimes of torture, genocide and crimes against humanity denounced since 2006 by the Tibet Support Committee, composed of several human rights organizations.
One of those arrested said to be Antonio Magana Pantoja, in charge of drug distribution and extortions and identified as &quot;half brother Nazario Moreno and cousin of Enrique Plancarte&quot; both kingpins local cartel Knights Templar adds part . &quot;Dead&quot; Moreno, alias &quot;El Chayo&quot; was declared dead in December 2010 by the government, although his body has never been found.	One of the self-defense groups operating in the region called Tierra Caliente, Michoacan, peacefully took the town of Apatzingan, the main bastion of drug cartel &#39;Knights Templar&#39;.
More visibly, his legacy includes a political and moral brand with enormous potential that some of his grandchildren and great-grandchildren have already used to sell all kinds of things, from clothes to &#39;reality shows&#39; on television.	Some of his grandchildren have launched a line of caps and T-shirts bearing his image under the brand &#39;Long Walk to Freedom&#39;; Two of her granddaughters settled down in the United States have appeared in a reality show called &#39;Being Mandela&#39;.
Economy Minister Luis Miguel Castilla, urged all sectors of the country not to politicize the salary increase for senior officials, to ratify the measure aims to have a more efficient public administration.	&quot;I want to make an appeal to not politicize such an important issue and we are working very seriously and take responsibility for a functioning state that delivers results.&quot;
Aid has been arriving Sunday to the hardest hit areas of the city, after Saturday several attacks on humanitarian convoys of the United Nations and the Red Crescent were recorded, of which the Syrian regime and opposition accused each other .	Amos has praised the &quot;courage&quot; and &quot;tenacity&quot; of UN humanitarian workers and Red Crescent who entered Saturday in the Old City of Homs to deliver aid to the population.
Similarly, the survey reveals that there are still 14.1 percent of people who although they intend to vote in the first round, have not yet decided for whom to do it.	The percentage of blank ballots and undecided &quot;which lets us see is that so far are being defined candidates, who still takes time and people not yet connected to any of the candidates of the opposition,&quot; he told the newspaper Weather César Valderrama, director of Datexco.
The mayor of New York, Democrat Bill de Blasio announced that the city will create an identity for its inhabitants who do not have a valid state ID, including illegal immigrants.	The mayor of New York, Democrat Bill de Blasio, announced Monday that the city will create an identity for its inhabitants who do not have a valid state ID, including illegal immigrants.
In an unexpected twist of the investigation, the college student Saturday Fabio Raposo, 22 years old, has been submitted to the 16th Police Delegation Barra da Tijuca, Rio de Janeiro, to give his version of events.	Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff said that the death of Andrade &quot;outraged and saddened&quot; and offered the assistance of the federal police to find the culprits.
Claiming it was necessary to avoid consanguinity, Copenhagen Zoo sacrificed Sunday to a healthy giraffe and gave her remains to the lions before the eyes of visitors, ignoring offers of money, signatures of thousands of people and offers from other zoos to save the male of two years.	The remains were used to feed other animals in the zoo.
This would be the second time that the two leaders meet after the ruling of the International Court of Justice, which ruled last January 27 a maritime lawsuit filed by Peru against Chile.	&quot;We have formalized nothing but I&#39;m sure that both leaders are to give a space to discuss and exchange views and relations in general between Chile and Peru,&quot; he said Moreno told reporters accompanying the Chilean delegation to the summit.
University professor and candidate of the PAC, Luis Guillermo Solis, who polls placed fourth, will face next April 6 Johnny Araya, Mayor of San Jose for 21 years and candidate of the PLN party of social democratic traditionally led by the Nobel Peace Prize and former president Oscar Arias.	University professor and candidate of the PAC, Luis Guillermo Solis, who polls placed fourth, will face Johnny Araya, Mayor of San Jose for 21 years and successor in the ruling party of outgoing Laura Chinchilla, the most unpopular ruler the recent history of the country.
Dong has been self Nguyen, the Vietnamese developer and father of Flappy Bird, who has been in charge of announcing through his account on the social network Twitter.	And Flappy Bird and strictly fulfills this has become the fashion game.
The spokesman of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia in peace talks in Havana, Jorge Torres Victoria, announced Monday that the leadership of the guerrilla held talks with President of Uruguay, Jose Mujica, during his visit to the island on the occasion of the Second Summit of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States.	&quot;Catatumbo&quot; did not specify the precise time the meeting took place or what topics discussed by representatives of the FARC with Mujica, who last week was in Cuba on the occasion of the Second Summit of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States, held 28 and 29 January.
In addition, the storm caused power outages that affected 48,000 homes in the region surrounding Tokyo, with 27 centimeters of snow accumulated lived most snowfall in 20 years, according to Tokyo Electric Power.	In addition, the storm caused power outages that affected 48,000 homes in the region surrounding Tokyo, more than half of which some 26,000 are still without electricity, according to Tokyo Electric Power.
Former South African President Nelson Mandela has left a legacy valued at 46 million rands, announced today the custodians of his will at a news conference in Johannesburg.	Zuma thanked Mandela Mandela be what South Africa needed at a critical moment party Madiba Mandela gives his last farewell to a great tribute.
It is estimated that hit the Caribbean city at around 2 pm.	To that end, it was established that the Vice President of the Republic, Marisol Espinoza, is in charge of the presidential office between 9 and 12 February, the Supreme Resolution 030-2014-PCM.
Before that event, the Uruguayan president had already announced his intention to take advantage of his trip to Cuba to maintain contacts with both representatives of the guerrillas as Juan Manuel Santos, who also participated in the summit, but who ultimately did not meet with Mujica.	Before the meeting, the Uruguayan president had announced his intention to seize the appointment to maintain contacts with representatives of both the guerrillas and with his Colombian counterpart, Juan Manuel Santos, who also participated in the summit but ultimately did not meet with Mujica.
Stroessner lived in exile in Brazil 17 years since the coup of February 3, 1989, led by its in-law, Gen. Andres Rodriguez, until his death in 2006.	Heroes, in the act of Congress were former soldiers who participated in the coup that defenestró Stroessner, concocted by its in-law, Gen. Andres Rodriguez.
&quot;The United Nations and our humanitarian partners we will not be deterred from doing everything we can to bring assistance to those who need our help,&quot; Amos said in a statement.	&quot;The UN Fund for Children (UNICEF) called on Friday to its donors 2.200 billion for its operations in 2014, the highest amount requested so far by this agency, which will allocate nearly 40% of the funds to the needs of children and minors in Syria refugees in neighboring countries.
In 2013 were 114 throughout the country, including an AFP photographer who received a caning of a policeman in the head.	It is the latest in protest shake Brazil since June, when demonstrations broke out across the country after a strong police repression of a group in Sao Paulo marching against an increase in public transport fares.
One of the self-defense groups operating in the region called Tierra Caliente, Michoacan, peacefully took the town of Apatzingan, the main bastion of drug cartel &#39;Knights Templar&#39;.	Meanwhile, other groups of self-defense groups operating in the region of Tierra Caliente, coordinated by who calls himself &quot;Commander 5&quot;, have asked the federal forces to arrest Mora for allegedly ahead of a plan that had all groups self-defense to take Apatzingan.
