Uruguayan President Jose Mujica, intimated that continues today in Brasilia considering selling his old &quot;Fusca&quot; Volkswagen, after an Arab sheik offered him a million dollars.	Uruguayan President Jose Mujica, was received today in Brasilia by the Brazilian head of state Dilma Rousseff, who personally wanted to congratulate on his re-election in October.
Local press reports and witnesses in northeastern Nigeria suggest that militant Islamist group Boko Haram have taken the city of Chibok.	A group of hunters and local vigilantes have liberated the important town of Mubi in northeastern Nigeria, which was taken by the Boko Haram terrorist group two weeks ago, local media reported Thursday.
We use police forces, their legal riot gear, &quot;said Rangel Avalos, referring to the crackdown on protests that began in February 2014.	Jens Modvig, Rapporteur for Venezuela, began the 53rd session of the agency referring to repression during the protests that began in February 2014.
&quot;The military situation in the area has been complicated enormously in the last few hours.	After an operation organized on Saturday, about 60 women suffer complications related to surgery and 24 of them are in a serious condition, officials said yesterday the State of Chhattisgarh.
The terrifying incident began on the south side of the building, according to CBS New York.	It all started on the south side of the building located in Lower Manhattan, when one of the four cables that hold the device slackened, said Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro.
The last leader of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev will meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel during the celebrations for the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.	In these commemorations, Gorbachev plans to meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and German President Joachim Gauck.
It was said that after the arrest, the capo was transferred to the premises of the Deputy Attorney Specialized Investigation of Organized Crime in Mexico City.	The son of Ismael Mayo Zambada and who was at the head of the Sinaloa cartel after the arrest of Joaquin El Chapo Guzman, already in the Deputy Attorney Specialized Investigation of Organized Crime.
Facebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg faced for the first time to a &quot;interrogation&quot; of its members Thursday when he made his first open session of questions and answers.	Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO of the company, was responsible for answering questions from Facebook users themselves through a session of &quot;Questions &amp; Answers&quot;.
&quot;The last person being monitored in relation to the three patients with Ebola in the state will end its monitoring to end on Friday, after completing the maximum period of 21 days of incubation of the disease,&quot; the Department of Health of Texas a statement.	&quot;His eyes were wide, but they were not sensitive to light,&quot; he added the doctor, who confessed to being embarrassed for having issued the death certificate of a patient who was still alive.
On the remains that are not the normal school, the EAAF explained that reached that conclusion after receiving the genetic results Laboratory The Bode Technology Group located in the United States.	&quot;The genetic results obtained EAAF Laboratory The Bode Technology Group located in the United States, on 24 of 30 remains recovered in Cerro Viejo.
This is the first official pronouncement of this independent body on its work in investigating the disappearance of students from the Normal Rural School Ayotzinapa on 26 September.	In a statement, the experts who develop research in the middle of the search for the 43 students of the Rural Normal Ayotzinapa, missing more than a month ago, confirmed that the remains analyzed do not belong to the students and said they will continue to contribute to the Case Ayotzinapa resolution.
Facing the risk of clashes spread to Israeli Arab towns, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu threatened to &quot;withdraw citizenship to those calling for the destruction of the state of Israel&quot;.	Meanwhile, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he would consult with his interior minister the possibility of revoking citizenship to all those who call for the destruction of Israel.
The so-called Caravan National Brigade of the 43 Disappeared tour sevens states from north to south, including Chihuahua, Chiapas, and Guerrero himself.	They called the Second Brigade, as &quot;Daniel Solis Gallardo&quot; tour the states of Chiapas, Morelos and Tlaxcala.
An Israeli woman of 25 years has died this afternoon and two other men have been mild being stabbed by a Palestinian youth at the height of Alon Shvut, an illegal settlement in the southern West Bank, in the area of ​​Gush Etzion, they wounded more the area occupied block.	A woman and a soldier died and two others were injured in one of these attacks, allegedly perpetrated by a Palestinian who was seriously injured in the Jewish settlement bloc of Gush Etzion in the occupied West Bank.
The president entered a week ago to Otamendi Buenos Aires clinic with an infectious febrile illness and presence of bacteria in the blood.	Kirchner, 61, suffers &quot;sigmoiditis a dialog&quot; with the presence of bacteria in blood, according to the diagnosis.
UN condemns attack on a school in Nigeria and calls for United Nations JUSTICE, 10 nov.	Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon today condemned the suicide bombing at a school in Nigeria, in which at least 48 people were killed, and demanded to be brought to justice those responsible.
The last two American prisoners in North Korea, released thanks to a secret mission in Pyongyang unprecedented US intelligence chief, they arrived Saturday night to the United States.	&quot;The State Department welcomed the release of US citizens Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller in the Democratic People&#39;s Republic of North Korea, where they have been detained for two years and seven months, respectively,&quot; the Department said in a statement of State, said Saturday AFP.
Moscow President of Peru, Ollanta Humala, meets today with the head of the Kremlin, Vladimir Putin, on the first day of his visit to Russia, the first by a head of state of the Latin American country in 45 years of diplomatic relations.	Putin Humala and strengthen ties in the first visit by a president of Peru to Russia Novo-OGARYOVO.
Today&#39;s report is based on interviews with more than 300 men, women and children who have lived, or are still viviendo- in areas under control of the Islamic State, and these testimonies evidence of abuses that amount to war crimes arise and against humanity.	Their report, based on more than 300 interviews with witnesses and victims, urges world powers to bring the commanders to the International Criminal Court for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Kenneth Bae, right, which was held in North Korea in 2012, speaks to the press after arriving to the US on November 8, 2014, at the military base Lewis-McChord, Washington, USA.	Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd arrived at midnight Saturday to Sunday at Lewis-McChord military base on the Pacific coast of Washington state.
The forces that plant protection have been receiving food and ammunition by air.	&#39;&#39; The Iraqi forces were able to regain full control of the city of Baiji, &#39;&#39; Ahmed said the Krayim, head of the provincial council of Salah ad Din.
A mosque near Ramallah and a synagogue in northern Israel are the latest victims of the new wave of riots and attacks.	A West Bank mosque and an ancient synagogue in Israel were white, early this morning, two separate attacks apparently committed by extremists in the context of violence sweeping the region since last June.
The Kremlin today defended the gallantry of Russian President Vladimir Putin, who put on the shoulders of the first Chinese lady a blanket during the gala dinner of the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation in Beijing.	The international press has echoed Tuesday of a chivalrous gesture that had the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, during the gala dinner held on the occasion of the APEC summit in Beijing, reports the Russian newspaper &#39;Vzgliad&#39;.
&quot;The General Council of the WTO will receive the proposal by India and the United States will support,&quot; said the Indian minister.	India will present its proposal to the General Council of the WTO at its December meeting.
The extremist group attacked ethnic groups, journalists, women and children, the report said.	&quot;Parents of girls and unmarried women fear their children are forced to marry ISIS fighters and as a result child marriage is on the rise.
The team leader Emerging Zoonotic Disease and Epidemic WHO, Pierre Formenty, explained that efforts have been made for funerals are safe.	Confirmed today the team leader emerging and epidemic of the World Health Organization zoonosis, Pierre Formenty, the presentation of a new protocol on safe and worthy of deaths from Ebola funerals.
The account of the President on Twitter, which remained dormant since the president had to be hospitalized in the Sanatorium Otamendi, was revived Wednesday with playing the statement of the Foreign Ministry on the withdrawal of the candidacy of Ambassador Susana Ruiz Cerutti to integrate the Court International Justice in The Hague.	In addition, the president spread through the web the decision of Argentina to withdraw the nomination of Ambassador Susana Ruiz Cerruti to integrate the International Court of Justice, and thus avoid a scenario of competition with the Jamaican applicant and &quot;prioritize strengthening regional unity. &quot;
According to a statement from the Colombian Attorney against Orellana &quot;he weighed arrest warrant red circular on charges of conspiracy and money laundering&quot;.	Colombian authorities arrested Thursday in Cali Peruvian businessman Rodolfo Orellana, a fugitive in his country, against whom there was a red circular illicit association and money laundering, the prosecutor said Thursday.
Coroners are responsible for recovery, analysis and eventual identification of bodies.	The search for human remains is done through testimonies of people and knowledge of forensic archeology.
He explained that Sierra Leone counts 80 daily infections, a figure that in ten days overflow the 800 free beds in hospitals there.	As said, l&#39;últimu report received from Sierra Lleona 80 diaries infections accounted join a figure ten díes qu&#39;en will enllenar them llibres cames 800 hospitals qu&#39;hai us.
Hagel stressed the need to &quot;increase our nuclear personnel&quot; and to address &quot;the widespread feeling that a career in the nuclear program offers few opportunities to grow and progress&quot;, commenting on the existing &quot;low morale&quot; who work in this field.	&quot;The root of the problem has been lack of concentration, attention and resources, creating widespread feeling that the nuclear race offers few opportunities for development and progress&quot;.
Argentina&#39;s President Cristina Fernandez was discharged on Sunday, seven days after being admitted to a private clinic in Buenos Aires due to an intestinal infection.	Argentina&#39;s President Cristina Fernandez, today received a medical discharge after being hospitalized for one week sigmoiditis box and went to the official residence, where should rest for another ten days.
The sailors captured Ismael Zambada Imperial, &#39;The Mayito Gordo&#39;, son of Sinaloa capo, and five others, according to preliminary reports.	8 hours ago Ismael Zambada Imperial, &quot;El Gordo Mayito&quot; said the Seido after he was placed in Culiacan with five alleged accomplices, including a cousin.
Mali recorded its first case with the death of a two year old girl on October 24 in Kayes, who traveled with her grandmother from southern neighboring Guinea, where the epidemic was declared in December 2013.	The victim, a girl from Guinea two years traveling with her grandmother, was diagnosed with Ebola when I was in Kayes in western Mali, where he died on October 24.
Recently, Mexico&#39;s ambassador in Uruguay Mujica told I could get up to four trucks in exchange mythical vehicle, as recorded by The Guardian newspaper.	The second offer received Ambassador of Mexico Mujica in Uruguay, Felipe Enriquez, who offered him ten trucks in exchange for the celestial Fusca.
Magma began to flow in June and entered Pahoa, the largest town of the Big Island and the agricultural district of Puna, on 26 October.	Local media claimed that the Kilauea volcano began to expel lava last June, which arrived at Pahoa district until 26 October.
That military personnel will not have a combat role, but their mission will be to train, advise and assist Iraqi security forces, including Kurdish troops.	These troops will fight not in the field and serve &quot;to train, advise and assist Iraqi security forces, including Kurdish forces,&quot; he added.
The arrest operation was intended to Ismael Zambada father, and was held in the town known as El Salado, in the city of Culiacan, Sinaloa.	According to the Ríodoce website, &quot;The Mayito Gordo&quot; was arrested by the Mexican Army special in the town of La Estancia Burgos, belonging to the receivership of El Salado, municipality of Culiacan.
The Director General of ESA, Jean-Jacques Dordain, called Philae landing on the comet 67 / P Churyumov-Gerasimenko as &quot;a great step for human civilization&quot;.	ESA and its partners in the Rosetta mission have accomplished something extraordinary today, &quot;said the director general of ESA, Jean-Jacques Dordain, who believes has&quot; secured a place in the history books &quot;for being the first to orbit a comet and land on it.
Police South Wales, burst into the hotel room when Matthew Williams was eating his face to a woman.	The hotel security staff burst into the room when this would not let them.
A man dressed as a student detonated the bomb when school were gathered in an assembly before beginning classes at a school in Potiskum, capital of the province of Yobe, where the terrorist group Boko Haram acts.	The tragedy could have been greater, since at the time of the explosion, around 8:00 am, local time, were gathered about 2,000 students in an assembly before beginning classes at a school in Potiskum, near Damaturu, capital of Yobe.
&quot;Scotland will be an independent nation, we now know with more certainty than before,&quot; said Salmond during the annual party congress held in Perth, two months after the referendum in which 55% of Scots rejected secession.	The nationalist politician, who announced his resignation on September 19, one day after such consultation, also assign the post of Scottish chief minister he has held since 2007 next week, when Parliament Edinburgh confirm his &quot;number two&quot;, Nicola Sturgeon, as new head of the autonomous government.
However, the authorities expect autopsies accurately detailing the cause of death.	Authorities say unaware of the causes of the deaths and autopsies only determine what happened.
The agreement adds to the agreement reached in May to provide Gazprom Russian state 38.000 billion cubic meters of gas per year to China using deposits in Eastern Siberia.	&quot;The western route provides for the supply of gas to China from gas fields in Western Siberia.
Equally smiling, Amr walked proudly through the Mukata, at the foot of the mausoleum, a flag of Sweden, who stood out among the hundreds of coats of arms of Fatah, shields of the Organization for the Liberation of Palestine and Palestinian national colors.	&quot;We have been deprived of this anniversary, but history will not forgive those who hinder the Abu Amar plan for the liberation of Palestine.&quot;
The Mormon church has recognized for the first time in its history that its founder, Joseph Smith, had between 30 and 40 wives.	Now, the church says that after &quot;careful estimates that number is between thirty and forty.&quot;
The state delegation, headed by Deputy Interior Security Policy and Law, José Vicente Rangel Ávalos, did not answer accurately the questions asked by the rapporteurs and experts of the Committee.	Deputy Minister of Interior and Security Policy Legal, José Vicente Rangel Ávalos, said before the people to elect the president Hugo Chavez, &quot;Torture was institutionalized and frequent political assassination was&quot; in Venezuela.
In more than a month of investigation, the EAAF has participated in exhumations two thirty remains recovered in Cerro Viejo and in the recovery of one of the nine remains found by Mexican authorities in the town of La Parota / Cerro de Lomas de Zapatero.	In addition, the EAAF has been authorized by PGR to work in the forensic examination of all the remains recovered from the site.
In the case of the 14-year-old Helen Mar Kimball, daughter of a close friend of Joseph Smith, the marriage was only for eternity with which, according to trial, it notes that at the time was legal to marry girls says that age, would not have involved sex.	The Municipality of Montevrain placed a notice on his Facebook page announcing that a young tiger was detected in the bushes behind some tennis courts and football less than nine kilometers from EuroDisney.
If approved by the Senate, Lynch would be the second woman to be attorney general of the country and the first African American woman in office.	Holyrood Parliament on Wednesday Sturgeon designate as the first female head of the autonomous government and is expected to sworn in next Thursday.
The Peruvian president has arrived in Moscow on a historic visit, the first in 45 years of diplomatic relations.	This is the first visit by a president of Peru to Russia in the 45 years of diplomatic relations, which has been called &quot;historic&quot; by both parties.
Peru is also interested in signing a future Free Trade Agreement with the Eurasian Economic Union, an alliance which includes Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan and will enter into force on 1 January 2015.	Humala attended the signing of several agreements between our country and Russia.
Humala, the first Peruvian president to visit Russia in 45 years of diplomatic relations, will be received by Putin in the country residence of the head of the Kremlin in Novo-OGARYOVO, just outside Moscow.	At the beginning of the meeting and in the presence of the cameras, Putin welcomed Humala, the president of our country to visit Russia in 45 years of diplomatic relations.
Transport Minister Andrés Gómez-Lobo announced that Transantiago added 150 buses to its fleet to face the problems that occurred that caused severe electrical failure in the Metro, which affected three of its lines.	Customs officers also had to reinforce its strength to contain the problems that could give rise following the annoying flaw in the subway.
Immigration reform disproportionately affects Latinos in the country. About 60 percent of the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the US They come from a country-Mexico.	&quot;According to experts, they were 9 of the 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the United States.
In them, patients often see objects, animals and even people who actually does not exist to the degree of constantly converse with the products of his mind.	Hallucinations are common in patients: they can see moving objects or people and animals that do not exist.
The robot Philae European Rosetta space probe landed on a comet today more than 510 million kilometers from Earth, an unprecedented milestone in the history of space conquest.	The Chury comet is currently traveling between the orbits of Jupiter and Mars, more than 450 million kilometers from Earth.
Zarif and his team begin tomorrow two days of talks with US Secretary of State, John Kerry, and the coordinator for the European Union and former head of EU diplomacy, Catherine Ashton.	Mohammad Javad Zarif hold talks with United States Secretary of State, John Kerry, and the envoy of the European Union, Catherine Ashton, in Oman on Sunday to try to save gaps before negotiations resume in Vienna on 18 November.
The capture was led by Marita Barreto, Peruvian prosecutor who was in charge of the case and had submitted to Interpol international arrest Orellana Rengifo.	As indicated, the catch was past midnight and it was verified that itself is Orellana.
APEC accounts for 40% of the world population, nearly half of trade and more than half of the world GDP.	Among its 21 member countries, which include the United States, Russia, China and Japan, account for more than half of global GDP, 44 percent of world trade and 40 percent of the world&#39;s population.
Fernandez de Kirchner on Tuesday held several meetings, including one with the Ministers of Economy, Axel Kicillof; and Foreign Relations Hector Timerman, who represent Argentina at the G20 Summit to be held from tomorrow in Australia.	Chief of Staff stressed that &quot;one of the most important meetings&quot; of the head of state was with Economy Minister Axel Kicillof and Foreign Minister Hector Timerman, &quot;based on the representation that will have our country at the meeting of G-20 in Australia. &quot;
Moreover, the Peruvian leader said in Moscow that his country is interested in &quot;knowing more the operation of the Eurasian Union&quot; because being Peru member of the Pacific Alliance, you can &quot;share experiences&quot; and start preparing a memorandum that allows approach &quot;gradually&quot; to block formed by Russia and other ex-Soviet countries.	Peru president also said his country is interested in learning more about the Customs Union, a space l, ree trade are Russia, Kazakhstan and Belarus.
As for the remaining eleven crew members who were on the bench, all received sentences of between five and ten years in prison, EFE said.	Court has sentenced to between 30 and five years in prison with 14 other crew members.
A Polish 91, pronounced dead at home by a doctor and taken to the morgue, woke up 11 hours later, said Thursday state television channel.	Revive a woman of 91 years 11 hours after being declared dead and asks for two crepes.
&quot;That means that if companies share content that can be useful to them then they&#39;ll show that.	But if instead companies share content they are not interested, do not show, because it is probably more important that they learn that a friend&#39;s baby is healthy &quot;.
Pope Francisco today held a private audience with President Ollanta Humala in the Vatican.	Pope Francisco exchanged gifts with President of Peru Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia.
Purguín said the ceasefire regime is not respected in 75 percent of the virtual line between the two sides.	Coinciding with the resumption of fighting around Donetsk, the separatists have announced that they will propose the revision of the Minsk agreements, including a declaration of ceasefire and a separation line between the two sides in conflict.
Equally smiling, Amr walked proudly through the Mukata, at the foot of the mausoleum, a flag of Sweden, who stood out among the hundreds of coats of arms of Fatah, shields of the Organization for the Liberation of Palestine and Palestinian national colors.	&quot;We have been deprived of this anniversary, but history will not forgive those who hinder the Abu Amar plan for the liberation of Palestine.&quot;
In a true record meeting, the Turkish Sultan Kosen, the tallest man in the world and the Nepali Chandra Dangi, the smallest met in London, just to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the Guiness book of records.	The meeting between Turkish Sultan Kösen giant and Chandra Bahadur Dangi tiny Nepali was organized by the Guinness Book of Records and took place in a garden in central London.
US President Barack Obama authorized the deployment of up to 1,500 additional troops in Iraq to train and advise their forces and Kurdish fighters in their struggle against Islamic State.	For his part, US President Barack Obama believes that its decision to double the number of troops on Iraqi soil in advisory work and training mark &quot;a new phase&quot; in the fight against Islamic jihadist group state, as said in an interview broadcast on CBS, Efe said.
The arrest operation was intended to Ismael Zambada father, and was held in the town known as El Salado, in the city of Culiacan, Sinaloa.	Capo&#39;s son, Ismael Zambada Imperial, &quot;the Mayito Gordo&quot; was allegedly arrested Wednesday in the town of La Estancia Burgos, belonging to the receivership of El Salado, municipality of Culiacan.
The chief minister described as &quot;very important&quot; that the president has taken up the government agenda, but remembered should rest until next Wednesday.	This was announced by Cabinet Chief Jorge Capitanich, during his regular press conference, where he said the Head of State &quot;has taken an incipient government agenda&quot;, but said he did &quot;under medical prescription having the president. &quot;
In an interview for CNN, Robert O&#39;Neill, who was a member of the elite group of special forces Navy Seal US for 15 years, said the former leader of Al Qaeda, Osama Bin Laden, &quot;died frightened as a chicken&quot;.	In a statement provided by O&#39;Neill for CNN, the marine revealed that Bin Laden was very frightened when they found him.
Minsk protocol was signed by the representatives of Ukraine, Russia, and the self-proclaimed republics of Donetsk and popular Lugansk under the auspices of the OSCE.	&quot;Any attempt to settle the conflict without the participation of the popular Donetsk and Lugansk republics will be useless and inexorably bring the negotiating process to an impasse,&quot; said Denis Pushilin, negotiator of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People&#39;s Republic.
The president moved on Wednesday to ask the cameras a specific authorization for the military offensive against EI, which in September saw no need.	President Barack Obama asked Congress on Wednesday to work with him on a new authorization to replace those created after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and allow use military force against the militant group Islamic State.
The scaffold is unstable, employees are suspended on the 69th floor and is seen hanging in an unstable angle, according to the images that emerged from the scene.	Workers are hanging at an angle of 65 degrees, according to the NYPD.
Overall, the book combines a count well done in the history of drug trafficking in Colombia with the family drama that starred.	The book is not just a retelling of the story of my father and the facts on which he had some involvement, it is also my history, my experience that I want to convey to young people so they can learn that story nobody should repeat.
Orellana was a fugitive in Peru for more than 130 days and, in addition to face the charges against him, is being investigated in his country for alleged ties to drug trafficking.	Rodolfo Orellana is accused of money laundering and racketeering charges, besides being investigated for drug trafficking.
Prime Minister of Peru, Ana Jara, said Thursday in a message on the social network Twitter, the employer and Peruvian lawyer would be expelled today from Colombia to Peru, for which would travel Urresti and a team of the National Police.	The chief of staff said in a message on the social network Twitter, that &quot;made the arrangements with Colombia, Minister Daniel Urresti and PNP team will travel there, to bring the fugitive Orellana, who in the morning will be expelled.&quot;
The niece of the elderly and their caregivers, Bogumila Kolkiewicz said today the television TVP fortunately her aunt has no recollection of what happened.	Family sources explained that the lady suffers from dementia and apparently is not aware of how close he came to death.
Demonstrations and protests occurred intermittently throughout Israel today in university centers, road junctions and Arab villages, extending afternoon dozens of villages.	The concentrations occurred in Reine, Kfar Kana, Shaab, Kfar Kasem, as well as at key crossings Galilee.
Also a volume and an image of the &quot;Lord of Miracles&quot; because &quot;the religious fervor paralyzes Lima&quot; and T-shirt of the Peruvian team &quot;to help them with Heavenly Father to Peru back in the World&quot; according Humala.	The Peruvian head of state gave the pontiff a number of representative present in our country, as a book of recipes with quinoa, a volume and an image of the Lord of Miracles, a T-shirt of the Peruvian team, and a scarf &quot;that use it when you are cold, &quot;Humala said.
Police arrest activists Femen feminist organization during a protest called in the Plaza de San Pedro del Vaticano.	Three members of the feminist group Femen held Friday obscene acts with crucifixes in St. Peter&#39;s Square at the Vatican, to protest against the Pope&#39;s trip Francisco to the European Parliament on 25 November.
The more than 30,000 personal interviews were conducted in all Spanish-speaking Latin American countries except Cuba.	The report is based on more than 30,000 personal interviews conducted between October 2013 and February 2014 in 18 countries in Latin America and Puerto Rico.
Armed with wooden bats, machetes, bows and arrows and zip gun for hunting, a group of these Rangers managed to free Wednesday Maiha city, which was under control of the Salafists.	However, in an effort to be transparent about the most controversial aspects of its history, the church finally revealed the truth about the marriages of its founder on its official website.
&quot;Loretta might be the only lawyer in the United States fighting mobsters, drug dealers and terrorists and still has the reputation of being a lovely person,&quot; Obama said in presenting at the White House.	&quot;Loretta may be the only lawyer in the US who fights criminals, drug dealers and terrorists, and also has the reputation of being a lovely person,&quot; Obama said in making the announcement in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.
President Juan Manuel Santos said he discussed the case with his Peruvian counterpart, Ollanta Humala and reported that &quot;between today or tomorrow will be delivered this individual to Peruvian authorities.&quot;	The president of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, had indicated earlier that Rodolfo Orellana would be handed over to Peruvian authorities &quot;today and tomorrow&quot;.
Similarly students of the rural school announced their participation in the national caravan of protest and to inform the public about the current situation in the state of Guerrero.	It is the main argument of the parents of students of the Rural Normal Ayotzinapa missing in Iguala on September 26 -a that the Attorney General&#39;s Office presumed dead &quot;in all probability&quot; - to start the national protest caravan already they announced in their last demonstration in Mexico City, on November 5.
The planning commission Jerusalem Wednesday approved the construction of 200 new homes in the Ramot neighborhood in East Jerusalem, during the escalation of tensions in the area for the past violent attacks on Israelis and West Bank cities.	Israeli authorities on Wednesday preliminarily approved the construction of 200 homes in a Jewish area in East Jerusalem, in a move that almost certainly will increase tensions in the city.
The first public appearance occurred but Wednesday night through Twitter when the president announced that Argentina withdrew the candidacy of Ambassador Susana Ruiz Cerutti the International Court of Justice.	In addition, the president spread through the web the decision of Argentina to withdraw the nomination of Ambassador Susana Ruiz Cerruti to integrate the International Court of Justice, and thus avoid a scenario of competition with the Jamaican applicant and &quot;prioritize strengthening regional unity. &quot;
The president met with national officials, including Economy Minister Axel Kicillof, and reviewed the volume level of monetary reserves, bank deposits and tax revenues, he said.	Capitanich outlined that the head of state was meeting yesterday with other officials from different areas and monitoring the volume of reserves, the volume of deposits, tax collection and monitoring of macroeconomic variables was made.
A group of Japanese scientists at the Riken Institute has created a transparent adult mouse, which can allow to study the evolution of diseases such as cancer or diabetes in their bodies, without the need to dissect the rodent.	A team of researchers from the University of Tokyo and the Institute of Riken, Japan Research, developed a breed of transparent mice, this in order to observe their bodies and study the evolution of diseases such as cancer or diabetes without having to do dissections .
The price subsequently be monthly $ 9.99 subscription will also allow access to the music service &quot;streaming&quot; of Google, with more than 30 million songs.	Key Music subscribers have free access to &quot;streaming&quot; of the 30 million songs present in the Google Play store.
The front of the incandescent river stopped on 30 October and remained at about 150 meters from the main road from Pahoa Village.	The tip of the main wash flow remains stopped about 150 meters from Pahoa Village street, which leads to the area where they reside as many people in the town of about 1,000 people.
The team, composed of researchers from the University of Tokyo and the prestigious research institute Riken, managed to turn transparent mice after administering a chemical compound.	The research, conducted by scientists at the University of Tokyo and Riken Institute, was performed using a cocktail of chemicals, known in the industry as CUBIC, which discolors the blood and allows the invisibility of the outer layer.
Obama authorized the Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel, for deployment in Iraq of about 1,500 additional elements in the coming months for a foreign role in combat in order to extend the mission of advice and assistance from the United States and to launch an effort comprehensive training for Iraqi forces, Pentagon Press secretary John Kirby said.	President Barack Obama authorized the deployment of 1,500 more US troops to Iraq in the coming months, the Department of Defense on November 7 reported.
The paper added that today the EAAF asked the PGR copy of the opinions in forensic genetics of identifying exclusion among the remains recovered in Pueblo Viejo and relatives of the 43 missing young Ayotzinapa.	In addition, the EAAF has been authorized by PGR to work in the forensic examination of all the remains recovered from the site.
The situation remained tense today in the conflict zone in eastern Ukraine.	As reported by the German government in a statement, Poroshenko Merkel expressed &quot;deep concern&quot; for the information pointing to &quot;new movements of Russian troops&quot; in eastern Ukraine.
The killing comes a week after a suicide attack like segara the lives of twenty people in the Islamic school Faydia of Potiskum, which belongs to a group of the Shiite branch of Islam.	The explosion took place at a school in the town of Potiskum in Yobe region.
Obama said he expects the Senate to confirm without delay Brooklyn federal prosecutor who, he said, has been distinguished for being &quot;tough and fair&quot;.	Obama has expressed his hopes that the Senate quickly ratify the appointment of a &quot;tough and fair&quot; woman.
The captain of the South Korean ship Sewol, whose shipwreck caused 304 dead, avoided the death penalty to be sentenced today to 36 years in prison as head of tragedy, while authorities were terminated the rescue boat, although there are still nine missing.	The judgment of the High Community court, based in Luxembourg, said that EU citizens who do not exercise an economic activity and move to another Member State with the sole purpose of obtaining social assistance, &quot;may be excluded from the perception of certain social benefits&quot;.
Apparently the US government denies O&#39;Neill alimony for his 16 years of service to not meet the 20 minimum stipulated by law to access economic pension.	Now retired from military life the US government denied seniority for not complying with at least 20 years of military service.
In the attack perpetrated on Monday, at least 48 people, mostly students-were killed and 79 wounded in a secondary school in the town of Potiskum, in northeastern Nigeria.	The suicide attack caused chaos, forcing schools to close most of the town of Potiskum.
Justice Department officials neither confirm nor deny the existence of such a program, but said it complied with the law, including obtaining permission from a judge to conduct such operations.	The Justice Department has neither confirmed nor denied the newspaper the existence of such a program, claiming that talking about such matters would allow alleged criminals of foreign powers determine the capabilities of monitoring EU, adding that the agencies of the Department of Justice abide by federal law , including requesting court approval.
US President Barack Obama plans to designate the African-American attorney from New York, Loretta Lynch, as procurator of Justice to replace Eric Holder, CNN reported today.	US President Barack Obama today nominated federal prosecutor Loretta Lynch&#39;s to replace Eric Holder as the next attorney general of the country.
Under an agreement, Jordan has custodial rights over Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem, including the complex known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary.	Visits by Jews faithful to the site - known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif - have raised concerns among Muslims on Israel may be trying to take control of the place in secret.
The last leader of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev will meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel during the celebrations for the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.	Speaking to Interfax, Mikhail Gorbachev said he will defend Vladimir Putin in commemorating the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, saying the Kremlin leader &quot;better than anyone defends the interests of Russia.&quot;
The US president, Barack Obama will announce early next week a plan to modernize the immigration policy of the North American country by executive action, which would include the suspension of deportations of millions of undocumented immigrants, reports Fox News.	Obama will announce a package of immigration measures next week as FOX
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has tried to cover up aspects of its history, such as polygamy practiced by Smith and Brigham Young, who collaborated in the founding of the city Salt Lake City, Utah, where the headquarters is located of the institution.	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which officially disapproved of polygamy in the late nineteenth century, had tried for years to show Smith as a loyal husband to his wife Emma.
Through this collaboration it has been possible to close down the road of silk, ie close 2.0 Silk Road, and stop the thinking head, Black Benthall.	Thanks to the initiative of the outskirts and security forces close was achieved Silk Road 2.0 and arrest its director, Blake Benthall.
Lee admitted at trial that panic paralyzed and could not take the &quot;appropriate measures&quot; to try to save the passengers.	The judge stated in his ruling that the captain was ultimately responsible for the tragic end of the wreck, as it delayed the evacuation order, did not take appropriate action when the ship comezó to sink and subsequently made no efforts to rescue the passengers.
One of every 10 Latin Americans raised in Protestantism, but one in five are said Protestants.	In that picture, &quot;approximately one in four Nicaraguans, one of five Brazilians and one in seven Venezuelans are declared as excatólicos&quot;.
This time, the examination revealed that the artist was suffering from dementia with Lewy bodies and, moreover, had not been intoxicated at the time of his suicide, in August this year.	Dementia with Lewy bodies occurs due to abnormal accumulation of proteins in the brain.
Rescue work in which participated thousands of divers began immediately after the ship sank on April 16 with 476 people on board, mostly students of a high school in Ansan, south of Seoul.	The Sewol ferry sank on April 16 while traveling from Incheo to Jeju Island, southwest of the Korean peninsula.
The last two American prisoners in North Korea, released thanks to a secret mission in Pyongyang unprecedented US intelligence chief, they arrived Saturday night to the United States.	&quot;The State Department welcomed the release of US citizens Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller in the Democratic People&#39;s Republic of North Korea, where they have been detained for two years and seven months, respectively,&quot; the Department said in a statement of State, said Saturday AFP.
The project plans to extend the deferred action program for undocumented immigrants who came to the US as children, to include parents of US citizens and legal permanent residents, which would benefit 4.5 million people.	The president also assesses expand the protections that already exist for young undocumented immigrants who came to the US as children and their parents also extend, which benefit more than one million immigrants.
Pope Francisco has had a new gesture to those who have less: he ordered to build showers in the bathrooms located on one side of the Plaza de San Pedro, to be used by vagrants surrounding the Vatican published Notimex.	Three members of the feminist group Femen held Friday obscene acts with crucifixes in St. Peter&#39;s Square at the Vatican, to protest against the Pope&#39;s trip Francisco to the European Parliament on 25 November.
The devices allow researchers to collect information from thousands of cell phones in a single flight, the Journal reported.	These devices, dubbed dirtboxes or dirty boxes can gather information from hundreds of thousands of users in a single flight.
The brief medical report signed by doctors of the Presidential Medical Unit indicates that the President &quot;has good evolution of the picture.&quot;	The medical report signed by Dr. Marcelo Ballesteros and Daniel Fernández, the president said that &quot;meets symptomatic and antibiotic treatment&quot; in the private sanatorium Otamendi of Argentina&#39;s capital.
&quot;There was no pulse, no sign of breathing nor heart rate,&quot; he told local newspaper &quot;Dziennik Wschodni&quot; according reproduces EFE.	&quot;Reports speak of a decreased pulse, vomiting and other ailments that began Monday following the surgeries that had undergone&quot; said Sonmani Borah, Bilaspur district commissioner, told AFP.
Local media claimed that the Kilauea volcano began to expel lava last June, which arrived at Pahoa district until 26 October.	Magma began to flow in June and entered Pahoa, the largest town of the Big Island and the agricultural district of Puna, on 26 October.
These data should clarify whether comets brought water from the oceans and commodities of life to Earth in the early days of the solar system.	Rosetta help discover whether comets were involved in the formation of life on Earth.
The court has also sentenced to 30 years in prison chief engineer, 20 years after the first official ferry and 15 years at the second officer, for failing their duty relief when the ship sank.	In addition, the ship&#39;s chief engineer was sentenced to 30 years in prison, and 13 other crew members received sentences of up to 20 years.
Miller, a young Californian 24, traveled as a tourist to the country when he was arrested in April and sentenced in September to six years in prison with hard labor on charges of espionage.	The 24 year old traveled to Pyongyang as a tourist and was arrested last April 26 for their &quot;aggressive behavior&quot;.
Chinese President Xi Jinping Sunday downplayed the concerns regarding the risks facing the Chinese economy and noted that &quot;are not so frightening.&quot;	Chinese President Xi Jinping today proposed a &quot;dream&quot; for the Asia-Pacific region, driven by the huge economy of his country, which he said remains solid despite facing some risks &quot;are not so terrible &quot;.
The cost of that land was half pesos, according to documents from the Public Registry of Property and contract of sale signed before the Notary 89 DF 8 million.	This land was worth 9 million 850 thousand pesos, as shown by the record of the property in the Public Registry of Property of Mexico City.
Conversely, says the study by PEW, 9% of Latin Americans said to have been raised as a Protestant, but in adulthood 19% of them recognized in one of its denominations, revealing the transition from one church to other.	In the survey, 84% said to have been raised a Catholic, 15 points more than those who now identify with that religion.
The fugitive lawyer Rodolfo Orellana was captured Thursday in the city of Cali, Colombia, more than 130 days after the Judiciary ordered his preventive detention.	The President, Ollanta Humala, this morning gave details about the capture of attorney Rodolfo Orellana Rengifo, who fell Thursday in the Colombian city of Cali, after remaining in hiding since early July last.
He also noted that the directive aims to &quot;prevent citizens of the Union who do not exercise an economic activity using the health care system of the host Member State to ensure their subsistence.&quot;	In Germany, job seekers who need assistance can apply for basic insurance to ensure their livelihood.
The report is based on more than 30,000 personal interviews conducted between October 2013 and February 2014 in 18 countries in Latin America and Puerto Rico.	The more than 30,000 personal interviews were conducted in all Spanish-speaking Latin American countries except Cuba.
Hours before the attack, a Palestinian stabbed the 17-year Israeli Shilony Sergeant Almog, 20, near a railway station in Tel Aviv.	A few hours earlier, another Palestinian was seriously wounded an Israeli soldier 20 years with a knife in the Hagana train station, located in the south of Tel Aviv.
Ismael Zambada Imperial, alias &quot;El Gordo Mayito&quot; or &quot;El Mayo Gordo&quot; capo son of Ismael &quot;El Mayo&quot; Zambada, was captured yesterday by members of the Marina in El Salado, Sinaloa, along with two alleged accomplices.	Ismael Zambada Imperial, known as &#39;El Gordo Mayito&#39; son of &#39;El Mayo&#39; Zambada, was arrested Wednesday in the town of La Estancia Burgos, in the area of ​​El Salado, in Culiacan, Sinaloa.
The information was confirmed for the first time in its history, by the authorities of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints based in the United States which sees Smith as a &quot;prophet&quot;.	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which officially disapproved of polygamy in the late nineteenth century, had tried for years to show Smith as a loyal husband to his wife Emma.
The explosion took place at a school in the town of Potiskum in Yobe region.	The explosion occurred in Potiskum in Yobe state.
After a medical analysis, new records indicate that Williams was suffering from a mental illness called dementia with Lewy bodies, a neurodegenerative condition.	Autopsy actor Robin Williams has revealed that in addition to depression, anxiety and Parkinson at the time of his death, was suffering from a disease called Lewy body dementia, which can only be confirmed at autopsy.
In addition, there is no record of extinct animals in a natural park located near or owners of a circus that recently passed through the area.	The animal does not belong to the amusement park or a nearby nature park or a circus that recently passed through the village, as published by Le Parisien.
In addition, the lawyer, a graduate of Harvard University, oversees criminal cases Brooklyn, Staten Island, Queens and Long Island, in New York.	Despite directing one of the most important offices of attorney general in the country, covering the boroughs of Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island and Long Island, Lynch avoids whenever possible media and seeks to maintain a low profile.
The court considers that the freedom of movement of citizens of member countries of the EU does not imply the right to benefit automatically from the social system of a country.	In its ruling Tuesday, the Court notes that, according to the directive regulating the right to free movement of EU citizens, the host Member State is not obliged to grant social assistance during the first three months of home.
In most countries surveyed, who converted did so before age 25.	According to Pew, the percentage of Catholics who embrace Protestantism has steadily increased in recent decades in most of the 18 countries and Puerto Rico where the survey was conducted.
Less than a year later, on October 3, 1990, the Reunification of Germany was official.	It was followed by a reunification between East and West Germany, on October 3, 1990.
But there are other theses to the investigating judge could qualify to prosecute the Duchess of Palma.	It means that the investigating judge, Jose Castro, has a free hand to start preparing the trial.
A group of relatives of the 43 students Ayotzinapa, normalistas and social organizations pulled a number of caravans on three different routes, they will tour several cities around the country seeking public support for the federal government clarify the disappearance of young and demand that justice be applied to those responsible.	A group of relatives and classmates of the 43 young people disappeared in Mexico kicked off on Thursday in the state of Guerrero a number of caravans on three different routes, will tour several cities in the country to perform public acts of denunciation.
These devices, dubbed dirtboxes or dirty boxes can gather information from hundreds of thousands of users in a single flight.	The planes are able to capture data from thousands of devices during a flight.
On the eve, the OSCE, in charge of enforcing the ceasefire signed on September 5 last by the belligerents and many consider dying, he warned of &quot;the level of violence in eastern Ukraine.&quot;	The US representative to the UN, Samantha Power, has accused the Kremlin of &quot;stoking the conflict&quot; in eastern Ukraine.
The president met with national officials, including Economy Minister Axel Kicillof, and reviewed the volume level of monetary reserves, bank deposits and tax revenues, he said.	Capitanich outlined that the head of state was meeting yesterday with other officials from different areas and monitoring the volume of reserves, the volume of deposits, tax collection and monitoring of macroeconomic variables was made.
A Boegin C-40 has moved to Bae and Miller to US soil, where they landed at 9 pm local time, in the Base Lewis-McChord, near the city of Tacoma, in Washington state.	Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd arrived at midnight Saturday to Sunday at Lewis-McChord military base on the Pacific coast of Washington state.
The president of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, had indicated earlier that Rodolfo Orellana would be handed over to Peruvian authorities &quot;today and tomorrow&quot;.	It was located in the ity of Cali and will be delivered to Peru today and tomorrow.
Fernandez de Kirchner on Tuesday held several meetings, including one with the Ministers of Economy, Axel Kicillof; and Foreign Relations Hector Timerman, who represent Argentina at the G20 Summit to be held from tomorrow in Australia.	All three have talked about Argentina&#39;s participation in the G-20 Brisbane, to be attended by the foreign minister as head of delegation.
At least eleven women have died after undergoing surgery tubal ligation in a health camp organized by the Indian government in the state of Chhattisgarh in central India, according to a new balance picked up by the BBC.	It happens that the founder and patriarch of the Church of Latter-day Saints built part of its prestige from the unconditional and exclusive love that supposedly devoted to his wife.
Meanwhile, the presidents of El Salvador, Salvador Sanchez Ceren, of Guatemala, Otto Perez Molina and Honduras, Juan Orlando Hernández, presented the &quot;Plan of the Partnership for Prosperity Northern Triangle&quot; with the aim of promoting economic development and the employment grew in their countries.	The vice president spoke at a conference of the Inter-American Development Bank, in which the presidents of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador presented its plan &quot;Partnership for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle&quot;.
The devices allow researchers to collect information from thousands of cell phones in a single flight, the Journal reported.	These devices, dubbed dirtboxes or dirty boxes can gather information from hundreds of thousands of users in a single flight.
Russian President Vladimir Putin had a chivalrous gesture with the first lady of China, Peng Liyuan, during the XXII Summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, which has been interpreted in international media as a &quot;flirtation&quot;.	The incident occurred during the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation was initially broadcast on state television station CCTV and spread on the Internet.
A total of 83 women, all under 32 years old, poor and rural areas, were operated on Saturday in a hospital on the outskirts of the city of Bilaspur, in the central state of Chhattisgarh, officials said.	&quot;We have reports of brownouts, vomiting and other symptoms after women were operated as part of a campaign of family planning,&quot; said Tuesday AFP Sonmani Borah, an administrative charge of Bilaspur district in the state central Chhattisgarh, where on Saturday were carried out surgical operations.
The paper argues that a &quot;key part&quot; of Obama&#39;s plan is to allow many parents of children who are US citizens or legal residents to obtain work permits and thus avoid the threat of deportation.	The newspaper reports that the plan would protect five million undocumented immigrants from deportation and deliver work permits.
In an interview for CNN, Robert O&#39;Neill, who was a member of the elite group of special forces Navy Seal US for 15 years, said the former leader of Al Qaeda, Osama Bin Laden, &quot;died frightened as a chicken&quot;.	&quot;Lone wolves ship to the US this photo Robert O&#39;Neill that killed Sheikh Osama bin Laden, says a jihadist statement.
The disease, known as dementia with Lewy bodies, is neurodegenerative and get to show symptoms such as cognitive impairment, Alzheimer&#39;s dementia, Parkinson&#39;s disease, severe hallucinations and delusions.	Dementia with Lewy bodies is a disease or syndrome and progressive degenerative brain.
ments Navy arrested Wednesday Ismael Zambada Imperial, May Gordo, one of the sons of Ishmael May Zambada Garcia, who is one of the leaders of the Sinaloa Cartel in northern Mexico.	Mexican authorities have arrested in the northwest Ismael Zambada Imperial, alias the Mayito Gordo, one of the sons of the leader of the Sinaloa cartel, Ismael &quot;El Mayo&quot; Zambada, as reported by official sources Thursday.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe reported on Tuesday in Donetsk entry, main pro-Russian stronghold, a new convoy of 43 military trucks unmarked carrying missile launchers and guns.	On Tuesday, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe also reported having observed 43 Russian military trucks moving towards the eastern border of Ukraine.
Boko Haram, whose name means in local languages ​​&quot;Non-Islamic education is a sin&quot; maintains a vicious campaign in the country that has killed more than 3,000 people so far this year, according to the Nigerian government.	Boko Haram, whose name means &quot;Western education is forbidden,&quot; says a campaign of violence to prevent children and adolescents attend school.
A crucial day awaits this morning the presidents of the countries of the Northern Triangle of Central integrating Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.	&quot;I see no reason why Central America can not become the next big success story in the hemisphere, and there are many in the hemisphere,&quot; Biden said during a conference with the presidents of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador in Washington.
After the uproar provoked the &#39;message read&#39; WhatsApp, the app instant messaging and allows users of Android devices that disable the &#39;double check blue&#39;, the option that reveals whether the message has been read and even the date and time of the reading.	The &#39;app&#39; instant messaging allows users to return to calm and clear blue double check the same way as the last hour of connection is disabled or hidden profile picture.
The Court of Palma will today announce its decision on whether to ratify or nullifies the imputation of Infanta Cristina in the Nóos case to resolve the fourteen appeals to the car that completed the instruction of this court case.	Three judges of the Provincial Court of Palma, confirmed today the allocation of Cristina de Borbon for two tax offenses, but withdrew that condition in the case of money laundering.
Also a volume and an image of the &quot;Lord of Miracles&quot; because &quot;the religious fervor paralyzes Lima&quot;; a T-shirt of the Peruvian team &quot;to help them with Heavenly Father to Peru back in the World&quot; according to Humala.	During the exchange of gifts, the President of Peru gave the pontiff a bas-relief of the Lord of Miracles and a shirt of the Peruvian football team.
The US government, which has facilitated the return to the country of both citizens applauded note the decision to release them by Pyongyang and thanks to its international allies &quot;especially the Government of Sweden, for his tireless efforts to help secure their release &quot;he added in turn Efe.	In a brief statement from his spokesperson, Ban expressed his relief at the return of the two men to their homes and praised &quot;the work of international partners to help secure their release,&quot; he told Efe turn.
&quot;In the case that events are contrary to the Minsk agreement, the Armed Forces are trained and prepared to repel&quot; said Poroshenko, in a statement released by the Ukrainian presidency.	If events turn against the peace plan, the Ukrainian Armed Forces are now willing and able to respond, &quot;he said.
If approved by the Senate, Lynch would be the second woman to be attorney general of the country and the first African American woman in office.	The case occurred in the former Hotel Sirhowy towards 01.23 GMT, where the police were informed that a man identified as Matthew Williams was attacking a woman, according to the security force.
This is the first official pronouncement of this independent body on its work in investigating the disappearance of students from the Normal Rural School Ayotzinapa on 26 September.	In a statement, the experts who develop research in the middle of the search for the 43 students of the Rural Normal Ayotzinapa, missing more than a month ago, confirmed that the remains analyzed do not belong to the students and said they will continue to contribute to the Case Ayotzinapa resolution.
Russia today accused the special mission monitoring the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in Ukraine to present biased information and support Kiev.	&quot;We are concerned about the approach that the special observation mission of the OSCE in Ukraine has shown lately.
Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller, the two Americans released Saturday by North Korea have arrived by plane to the military base Lewis-McChord in Washington, as reported by CNN.	US citizens Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller were released in North Korea, said today the office of National Intelligence Director US, James Clapper.
Iraqi forces on Friday recovered control of the strategic town of Baiji, located a few kilometers from Iraq&#39;s largest refinery, after the group expelled Islamic State, accused of crimes against humanity by the UN.	&#39;&#39; The Iraqi forces were able to regain full control of the city of Baiji, &#39;&#39; Ahmed said the Krayim, head of the provincial council of Salah ad Din.
In that speech, the alleged leader of the jihadist organization calls on his followers to attack in Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Libya and Algeria, as well as Shiite communities.	Even in the audio directly threatens countries like Canada and Australia as well as Europe.
With 55 years and now federal prosecutor in the New York borough of Brooklyn, Lynch will become the first African American woman to hold that position being confirmed by the Senate.	Loretta Lynch, a federal prosecutor low-profile veteran, is awaiting Senate approval to take over after the nomination to her by the president.
Russian President Vladimir Putin had a chivalrous gesture with the first lady of China, Peng Liyuan, during the XXII Summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, which has been interpreted in international media as a &quot;flirtation&quot;.	According Hennis told public broadcaster NOS, Putin &quot;is showing the economic, political and military superiority of Russia&quot; in its &quot;destabilizing actions in eastern Ukraine.&quot;
Also, recording is announced that those countries will expand the EI are Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Egypt, Libya and Algeria.	Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi, has reappeared in an alleged speech in which extends its &#39;caliphate&#39; to Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Egypt, Libya and Algeria.
He said his goal is to update an authorization against al-Qaida designed to make it more applicable to the current mission against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.	Obama said it is too early to say whether the US and its allies are winning their fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
The young man was found by the authorities in the area of ​​El Salado, historically dominated by Mayo, who took power after the capture of the cartel in February of Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman.	He added that the Mayito Gordo, the third son of Zambada arrested in recent years, had landed a leading role in the Sinaloa cartel after his father assumed the leadership of the organization after the capture in February who was his top leader, Joaquin El Chapo Guzman.
Besides diagnosis can only be confirmed at autopsy, it is necessary to examine the cerebral cortex for them.	The disease by abnormal accumulation of proteins in the brain is produced and unfortunately only be diagnosed during autopsy, it requires a careful examination of the cerebral cortex.
The clash came after teachers in the Mexican state of Guerrero attacked the headquarters of the Institutional Revolutionary Party in Chilpancingo, causing numerous destructions and setting fire to part of the facility.	Guerrero state teachers attacked the headquarters of the Institutional Revolutionary Party in Chilpancingo, an aggression which was controlled by the state police causing a confrontation between them.
Yesterday, the EAAF, through the human rights center Tlachinollan, released its first report on this case, after the lifting of evidence in two places: Cerro Viejo and La Parota.	Through a statement, the team gave notice of its official intervention in the investigation.
The presidents of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador also meet -a first thing in the morning with Secretary of Commerce of the United States, Penny Pritzker, and President of the Inter-American Development Bank, Luis Alberto Moreno.	A group of children from Honduras and El Salvador who crossed the US border illegally are detained in Granjeno, Texas.
The incident occurred on the outskirts of the Haganah train station, located in the center of Tel Aviv and very busy at that time.	A few hours earlier, another Palestinian was seriously wounded an Israeli soldier 20 years with a knife in the Hagana train station, located in the south of Tel Aviv.
The Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team, which conducts an independent expert in the investigation into the disappearance of 43 student teachers reported that so far there is no correspondence between the human remains analyzed and youth.	The Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team reported that the bones analyzed so far do not correspond to any of the 43 missing Mexican students in Iguala.
United States and China announced Wednesday a joint plan unprecedented to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases by 2030, the most important point of a series of intensive bilateral talks between President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping.	United States and China have announced new plans to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, the most important summit agreement between leaders of the two countries.
In a true record meeting, the Turkish Sultan Kosen, the tallest man in the world and the Nepali Chandra Dangi, the smallest met in London, just to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the Guiness book of records.	The meeting between Turkish Sultan Kösen giant and Chandra Bahadur Dangi tiny Nepali was organized by the Guinness Book of Records and took place in a garden in central London.
The captain of the South Korean ferry which sank in April in an accident in which 304 passengers died was sentenced Tuesday to 36 years in prison after a court finds him guilty of negligence, but was acquitted of murder, for which prosecutors demanded the death penalty.	Last September, Sendai became the first plant in Japan to meet the new regulations imposed by the NRA after the accident more than three years ago at the Fukushima plant, hit by an earthquake and tsunami.
In one of the references, it is estimated that the founder of the Mormon church had between 30 and 40 wives.	At the time of joining, most women were between 20 and 40 years.
Ten women were killed and 60 were hospitalized in India after a sterilization operation as part of a government campaign to control the birth rate in this country of nearly 1,250 million.	Bilaspur camps as part of family planning campaigns to control population growth in a country with 1,250 million.
On Wednesday night, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe reported that last week crossed the Russian-Ukrainian border in both directions 665 persons in military clothing.	Before the meeting, Secretary General of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, Lamberto Zannier, he acknowledged that the ceasefire was increasingly virtual and that the arrival of arms to the rebel zone could &quot;lead to confrontation more open &quot;.
The fall of that one called &quot;wall of shame&quot; and other &quot;anti-fascist protection wall&quot; opened the way 25 years ago to the reunification of Germany in the city of Berlin and symbolized for posterity the end of the Cold War.	The end of the Berlin Wall, Wowereit recalled today, saw the fall of the Iron Curtain and the advance of freedom and democracy.
The state government has opened an investigation and the inhabitants of the town of Bilaspur took to the streets to call for sanctions against doctors.	The Chhattisgarh state government suspended the sterilization campaign, ordered an investigation into the death of women who underwent surgery and four doctors reported.
A total of 83 women, all under 32 years old, poor and rural areas, were operated on Saturday in a hospital on the outskirts of the city of Bilaspur, in the central state of Chhattisgarh, officials said.	&quot;We have reports of brownouts, vomiting and other symptoms after women were operated as part of a campaign of family planning,&quot; said Tuesday AFP Sonmani Borah, an administrative charge of Bilaspur district in the state central Chhattisgarh, where on Saturday were carried out surgical operations.
This new measure shows whether the message we have sent has been read by the recipient, in addition to the exact time that has seen it.	A new element that lets you know if your contacts have read the message and what time did.
The last two American prisoners in North Korea, released thanks to a secret mission in Pyongyang unprecedented US intelligence chief, they arrived Saturday night to the United States.	Hours later, US President Barack Obama welcomed the release of two US citizens and also emphasized the efforts of the Director of National Intelligence for their involvement. &quot;It&#39;s a wonderful day for them and their families.
The statement of the Presidential Medical Unit is signed by doctors Marcelo Ballesteros and Daniel Fernandez.	The medical report signed by Dr. Marcelo Ballesteros and Daniel Fernández, the president said that &quot;meets symptomatic and antibiotic treatment&quot; in the private sanatorium Otamendi of Argentina&#39;s capital.
&quot;So far there is no reliable information available,&quot; said a senior Iraqi official when asked if Abu Bakr al Baghdadi had been killed in coalition bombing on Friday in Mosul against what the United States presented as &quot;a meeting of leaders of EI &quot;.	According to Centcom, &quot;coalition aircraft carried out a series of airstrikes in Iraq against what was considered was a meeting of leaders of EI near Mosul&quot;.
Al-Baghdadi also refers to the events of recent days and calls his followers to keep fighting &quot;crusaders&quot;.	It also urged the militants from Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya to &quot;fight against the laity.&quot;
Again, the Brandenburg Gate was featured in the culmination of the celebrations for the fall of the Berlin Wall at the concert who led the Argentine-Israeli musician Daniel Barenboim leading the Staatskapelle orchestra and choir of the Staatsoper, with called Ode to joy.	In December 1989, with the interpretation of Beethoven&#39;s Ninth Symphony was held in Berlin the Wall and the opening of the Brandenburg Gate.
The body of the leader of Al Qaeda was finally released the Arabian Sea in May 2011.	Wednesday was the identity of the Navy SEAL who claimed to be forcible unlocking him three shots in front of Bin Laden in his hideout in Abbottabad, in Pakistan, in May 2011 public.
President of Peru, Ollanta Humala, will address today with the Russian leader, Vladimir Putin, the construction of a nuclear power plant in the Latin American country, a spokesman for the Kremlin said.	The President, Ollanta Humala, was received today by Russian leader Vladimir Putin at his country residence Novo-OGARYOVO, just outside Moscow.
Spencer attended a press conference Tuesday morning with the mayor, Bill de Blasio.	Send by email Craig Spencer, the last Ebola patient remained in the United States, greets New York Mayor Bill de Blasio.
PEW Research Institute Research, which is based on studies conducted in 18 Latin American countries, notes that only 69% of the population identifies with the Catholic religion.	According to the PEW Research Institute research, sustained decline in the number of Catholics in the region currently makes only 69% identify with the religious denomination.
One of every 10 Latin Americans raised in Protestantism, but one in five are said Protestants.	In that picture, &quot;approximately one in four Nicaraguans, one of five Brazilians and one in seven Venezuelans are declared as excatólicos&quot;.
In a true record meeting, the Turkish Sultan Kosen, the tallest man in the world and the Nepali Chandra Dangi, the smallest met in London, just to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the Guiness book of records.	The world&#39;s highest and lowest man entered the Guiness book of records for their statures.
The Government asked 5,600 million dollars to Congress for operations in Iraq and Syria, which included 1,600 million for the new &quot;Training and Equipment Fund in Iraq,&quot; said the Office of Management and Budget of the White House.	In June, the government ordered 58,600 million for the operating budget war fiscal year, which began Oct. 1.
They are still under observation in Kayes about 50 people who had contact with the girl.	Meanwhile, about 50 other people who might have contact with the small still under observation Wednesday in Kayes, 600 kilometers from Bamako.
Hagel said that &quot;the root cause was a lack of attention and sustained resources&quot;, which has allowed the nuclear arsenal &quot;deteriorate since the end of the Cold War.&quot;	&quot;The root of the problem has been lack of concentration, attention and resources, creating widespread feeling that the nuclear race offers few opportunities for development and progress&quot;.
The founder of the Mormon Church, Joseph Smith, married to 40 women, including some married and even a 14 years, according to the Mormon Church admitted in a surprising essay.	Smith would &quot;seal&quot; unions, not all accomplished, with women already married and with a young woman of 14 years.
Janina Kolkiewicz woke up in a body bag hours after a doctor had certified his death.	It was in a body bag at a funeral home in eastern Poland.
According to the indictment prosecutors, who welcomed the court, the religious advantage of its status as spiritual guide of the educational establishment constantly subtracted from the classroom to one of the girls to commit abuses between 2007 and 2012.	Ten years later the priest was accused by parents of two students to take advantage of their status as spiritual leader the establishment to constantly remove them from the classroom and molesting them.
In particular, Rosetta investigates the role they may have played when comets bring water to land, and perhaps even life.	Rosetta help discover whether comets were involved in the formation of life on Earth.
In addition overdose as cause of death was ruled out, because according to the official part &quot;toxicology tests revealed ausiencia alcohol or drugs.&quot;	The Marin Sheriff&#39;s Office said in a statement that, when performing an autopsy on Robin Williams, toxicology tests yielded the absence of alcohol or illicit drugs but detected traces of prescription drugs at therapeutic concentrations.
NGOs denounce the existence of quotas in some states of India leading the authorities to carry out forced sterilizations in deplorable hygienic conditions.	activist groups claim that payment incentives and quotas of sterilizations that states are set to lead local authorities to force the patients to be operated, instead of recommending other contraceptive methods.
A man dressed as a student detonated the bomb when school were gathered in an assembly before beginning classes at a school in Potiskum, capital of the province of Yobe, where the terrorist group Boko Haram acts.	The tragedy could have been greater, since at the time of the explosion, around 8:00 am, local time, were gathered about 2,000 students in an assembly before beginning classes at a school in Potiskum, near Damaturu, capital of Yobe.
US President Barack Obama will announce next week a comprehensive package of executive measures on immigration policy with which aims to prevent the deportation of more than five million people, the newspaper &quot;The New York Times&quot; reported.	US President Barack Obama will announce next week its promised package of immigration enforcement measures, including the suspension of deportations million, according to a report from FOX citing sources close to the White House.
At 9.35 am, Spanish time, the Philae module was released by the Rosetta spacecraft and contact with the comet occurred at 16.38.	The module Philae Rosetta separated successfully and continues to the comet.
Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and US Secretary of State, John Kerry, today called for an urgent meeting between Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists, brokered by Russia and OSCE in Minsk.	Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has defended before the US Secretary of State, John Kerry, the need for a &quot;direct dialogue&quot; between the Ukrainian government and the separatist regions of Donetsk and Lugansk, in the east.
The mysterious tycoon made the offer a few months ago, but Mujica said it now because Mexico&#39;s ambassador in Uruguay, Felipe Enriquez, he told the president his desire to acquire the car.	&quot;I already have an agreement with an Arab word,&quot; he said Mujica, with which the deal was made public.
That military personnel will not have a combat role, but their mission will be to train, advise and assist Iraqi security forces, including Kurdish troops, Efe added.	These troops will fight not in the field and serve &quot;to train, advise and assist Iraqi security forces, including Kurdish forces,&quot; he added.
Sweden was the first EU country that has unilaterally recognized the Palestinian state, which has provoked diplomatic protests from Israel.	For now, Sweden is the only European country that has officially recognized Palestine as a state.
Subsequently, two nurses who were part of the team that attended Duncan at Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas Texas, also contracted Ebola.	A week later, the nurse Nina Pham and Amber Joy Vinson, who attended Duncan, at Presbyterian Hospital of Dallas, were diagnosed with Ebola.
Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, one of the great responsible for the opening of the Iron Curtain, wants to intercede on behalf of Russian President Vladimir Putin at his meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.	The last Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev said Thursday that it will defend the management of Russian President Vladimir Putin in the Ukrainian conflict when traveling to Germany for the 25th anniversary of the commemoration of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Russian President Vladimir Putin had a chivalrous gesture with the first lady of China, Peng Liyuan, during the XXII Summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, which has been interpreted in international media as a &quot;flirtation&quot;.	The incident occurred during the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation was initially broadcast on state television station CCTV and spread on the Internet.
The highest Community court, based in Luxembourg, said that EU citizens who do not exercise an economic activity and move to another Member State with the sole purpose of obtaining social assistance &quot;may be excluded from receiving certain benefits.&quot;	According to the ruling, a Member State &quot;must have the possibility to deny social benefits to citizens of the Union not to develop an economic activity and exercising their freedom of movement with the sole aim of perceiving social assistance of another Member State when not have sufficient resources to qualify for the right of residence, &quot;says the car.
Vice President Joe Biden made the announcement at the Inter-American Development Bank, where the leaders of the three Central American nations will presented Friday a plan to reduce the flow of children migrating north irregular manner.	The vice president spoke at a conference of the Inter-American Development Bank, in which the presidents of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador presented its plan &quot;Partnership for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle&quot;.
Tuesday lava from Kilauea volcano of the &quot;Big Island&quot; of Hawaii, destroyed their first home in the village of Pahoa no injuries.	--The 10 washes advancing the Big Island of Hawaii from June 27 Monday was the first house in the town of Pahoa.
Although emergency services tried to keep him alive, the 50,000 volt electric shock, he finished him.	The agents caused an electric shock with a 50,000 volt stun gun, said Friday the newspaper &quot;The Independent&quot;.
The Justice Department collects information from thousands of mobile phones by methods similar to cell phone antennas placed in planes as part of a program designed to obtain data from suspect devices.	According to the American newspaper The Wall Street Journal the United States Department of Justice esy to thousands of users and collects information from mobile phones using devices that simulate cell phone antennas placed on planes.
Although with 425 million faithful, Latin America contains 40% of the Catholic population in the world, more and more Christians who call themselves Protestants.	Latin America has more than 425 million Catholics account for nearly 40% of the Catholic population worldwide, but the number of faithful seeking another denomination increases steadily, mostly in Protestant denominations.
Ollanta Humala gives Pope Francis a shirt Peru for help to go to the world.	Ollanta Humala met with Pope Francis at the Vatican.
&quot;Iraqi forces are directed towards the refinery,&quot; confirmed Ahmed al Krayim, the head of the Provincial Council of Saladino, who belongs Baiji, Agence France Presse.	&#39;&#39; The Iraqi forces were able to regain full control of the city of Baiji, &#39;&#39; Ahmed said the Krayim, head of the provincial council of Salah ad Din.
&quot;None of these showed probability of biological kinship with 43 normalistas.	&quot;The genetic results obtained EAAF Laboratory The Bode Technology Group located in the United States, on 24 of 30 remains recovered in Cerro Viejo.
The women were operated on Saturday in a camp family planning and a few hours some of them began to feel ill.	Women who underwent surgery on Saturday received a payment of $ 10 each, and 83 were operated within six hours, he said state medical director, Dr. SK Mandal told The Associated Press by phone.
Although with 425 million faithful, Latin America contains 40% of the Catholic population in the world, more and more Christians who call themselves Protestants.	Latin America has more than 425 million Catholics account for nearly 40% of the Catholic population worldwide, but the number of faithful seeking another denomination increases steadily, mostly in Protestant denominations.
The number of people infected by the Ebola epidemic in West Africa has surpassed the 14,098 people infected, of whom 5,160 have died, according to the latest report of the World Health Organization.	The current Ebola epidemic has left 4,960 dead, a total of 13,268 cases in eight countries, so essential in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, according to the latest report of the World Health Organization.
Bae and Miller came to the 21, local time, at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state.	Kenneth Bae is received by his family in the Lewis-McChord Air Force Base in Fort Lewis, Washington.
However from Kiev she refused a new military offensive is underway in the east.	Russian media reported this afternoon of a lightning attack with tanks and armored against rebel positions around Donetsk.
The Court of Justice of the European Union confirmed that the EU states are not required to hold citizens who do not exercise any economic activity in their host nation.	The ECJ issued today, Tuesday November 11, 2014, a sentence indicating that EU countries can exclude some of their social assistance to EU citizens who move to one of them without exerting economic activity and request such benefits.
Thus, the leaders have wanted to publish in the same web truthful information about the most controversial aspects of its history.	However, in an effort to be transparent about the most controversial aspects of its history, the church finally revealed the truth about the marriages of its founder on its official website.
The announcement came just a day after the country&#39;s health authorities should tell that there had been no more cases -much less diseased- after a two year old girl who traveled the country from Guinea should die from the virus at the end October.	It is believed that the two never had contact with the first recorded case in the country, a child of two years old who traveled from Guinea to Mali and who died of the Ebola virus in late October at a hospital in the city of Kayes, west.
In fact, about 450 flights were canceled by the airline FlightAware at the international airport of the capital of the state of Minnesota.	The air strikes of the international coalition led by the US in Iraq reached a meeting of leaders of the jihadist group Islamic State in the vicinity of Mosul, they reported Efe Pentagon official sources.
China has sent 252 people to Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the three countries most affected by the disease.	It indicates that in the three countries most affected by the disease contagion remains intense and persistent with weekly throughout, especially in capital cases.
The US military said Saturday that the coalition against the Islamic State on Friday night launched a series of air strikes against leaders of the organization gathered near Mosul, Iraq.	According to Centcom, &quot;coalition aircraft carried out a series of airstrikes in Iraq against what was considered was a meeting of leaders of EI near Mosul&quot;.
The president, 61, &quot;resumed yesterday incipiently government agenda&quot; at the presidential residence of Olivos, in the outskirts of the city of Buenos Aires, the coordinating minister said.	The President&#39;s Office has resumed yesterday of an incipient way the government agenda, a fact that is very important, said the head of Cabinet this morning at his usual meeting with journalists, but added that obviously under medical prescription repose.
Criticized President Enrique Peña available to make a trip to China and Australia, next week.	Peña Nieto calls for peace because of escalating violence andatario on a scale of his trip to China and Australia, he said EXICAN say &quot;no to violence&quot;.
The fire on the first floor of a mosque in the Palestinian village of Al-Maghir and damage caused by the release of a molotov cocktail at the ancient synagogue of the Israeli Arab town of Shfaram, raise the tension between Israelis and Palestinians.	&quot;The settlers torched the entire first floor of the mosque&quot; in the village of Al Mughayir near the city of Ramallah, said a security officer.
Minsk protocol was signed by the representatives of Ukraine, Russia, and the self-proclaimed republics of Donetsk and popular Lugansk under the auspices of the OSCE.	Statesmen demonstrated against dialogue with representatives of the so-called people&#39;s republics of Donetsk and Lugansk.
Indian women who underwent sterilization surgery treated at the hospital CIMS in Bilaspur, in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh Tuesday.	Twelve women died in India, after being sterilized in a hospital in Bilaspur in Chhattisgarh state.
Moreover, according to the BBC he knew, Iran&#39;s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei could join the talks.	The appointment comes after news that the US president, Barack Obama, sent a personal letter on the subject to Iran&#39;s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
The Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team to assist in the investigation into the enforced disappearance of 43 normalistas Ayotzinapa concluded that the 24 bodies found in clandestine graves of Pueblo Viejo, Iguala, are not students, that according to the investigations of the PGR continue missing.	The Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team, which conducts an independent expert in the investigation into the disappearance of 43 students in Mexico, reported that 24 of 30 analyzed human remains and does not correspond with young people.
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon today condemned the suicide bombing at a school in Nigeria, in which at least 48 people were killed, and demanded to be brought to justice those responsible.	Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan condemned the &quot;dastardly&quot; attack, while UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon called on the authorities in the African country to apprehend, prosecute and punish those responsible.
India and the US have reached an agreement on the program of agricultural subsidies in the Asian country, which clears the way for approval of the protocol facilitation of international trade, today said Indian Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman.	&quot;India and the US have resolved the deadlock on food security at the World Trade Organization&quot;, published Sitharaman on his twitter account.
The Court stated in the car yesterday that there is a &quot;shade&quot; difference between the case of transfers of credit and Nóos case.	The Supreme ratified in 2007 following a decision of the High Court in the case of transfers of credit &quot;can not open trial only at the request of the Prosecution, but it is necessary that urge well the prosecution, although the private prosecutor &quot;.
China has sent 252 people to Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the three countries most affected by the disease.	WHO it warned however that in the three countries most affected by the disease contagion remains intense and persistent, with weekly throughout, especially in capital cases.
&quot;Do not attend an event like this would act irresponsibly,&quot; Pena Nieto said in a message to media held in Anchorage, during a stopover on his trip to China.	You can not demand justice acting with violence, &quot;he said in a message to media in Anchorage, Alaska, in his first prior to tour China and Australia scale.
Yesterday, students of the Normal Rural Raul Isidro Burgos Ayotzinapa and relatives of the 43 young normalistas missing, held a ceremony at the school to dismiss the three groups visiting eight states and municipalities of Guerrero to tell the killing, and form a only national movement.	In the morning, parents of missing normalistas 43 yesterday conducted a march in the city of Tixtla to demand that their children be presented alive.
The founder of the Mormon Church, Joseph Smith, married to 40 women, including some married and even a 14 years, according to the Mormon Church admitted in a surprising essay.	The Mormon Church admitted that its founder, Joseph Smith, married about 40 women, including a 14 years and others who were already married to his followers after holding for nearly 200 years that had been monogamous.
&quot;The General Council of the WTO will receive the proposal by India and the United States will support,&quot; said the Indian minister.	India will present its proposal to the General Council of the WTO at its December meeting.
Taking advantage of this Trans-Pacific Partnership has been stalled by trade disputes between the US and Japan, China is pushing its own Free Trade Area.	USA and China will play the leadership role in the Free Trade Area.
The captain of the South Korean ship Sewol, whose shipwreck caused 304 dead, avoided the death penalty to be sentenced today to 36 years in prison as head of tragedy, while authorities were terminated the rescue boat, although there are still nine missing.	The captain of the South Korean ferry which sank in April in an accident in which 304 passengers died was sentenced Tuesday to 36 years in prison after a court finds him guilty of negligence, but was acquitted of murder, for which prosecutors demanded the death penalty.
Was the governor of Kagoshima, Yuichiro Ito, which gave its approval in the Assembly of the prefecture for the revival of the two atomic reactors pressurized water plant Sendai, located at the southern end of the island of Kyushu, the second most populous Asian country.	Yuichiro Ito Governor has approved the reopening of two reactors, which start operating after completing the latest technical procedures early next year.
Like the current quota, the effective new train and assist Iraqi forces and Kurdish security in their fight against the Islamic State jihadist group, which controls parts of Iraq and Syria, according to the Pentagon.	Obama said it is too early to say whether the US and its allies are winning their fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
Currently, the Pentagon spends about 15 billion dollars on its nuclear program, so that additional investment would be around 7000 500 million.	The Pentagon currently spends about 15,000 million dollars in the nuclear program, said Hagel.
Higa Group, through its subsidiary Constructora Teya, a member of the consortium of domestic and foreign companies that was revoked the tender to build the high-speed train Mexico-Queretaro.	Higa Group is the name of the company to which the tender was withdrawn fast train Mexico-Queretaro.
The young man was found by the authorities in the area of ​​El Salado, historically dominated by Mayo, who assumed leadership of the cartel after the capture in February of Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman.	In the case of the 14-year-old Helen Mar Kimball, daughter of a close friend of Joseph Smith, the marriage was only for eternity with which, according to trial, it notes that at the time was legal to marry girls says that age, would not have involved sex.
Hours before the attack, a Palestinian stabbed the 17-year Israeli Shilony Sergeant Almog, 20, near a railway station in Tel Aviv.	A few hours earlier, another Palestinian was seriously wounded an Israeli soldier 20 years with a knife in the Hagana train station, located in the south of Tel Aviv.
The President, Ollanta Humala, was received today by Russian leader Vladimir Putin at his country residence Novo-OGARYOVO, just outside Moscow.	The President of the Republic, Ollanta Humala Tasso, met with his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, in the framework of the official visit that place in that country, which included previous meetings with senior officials.
A team of Japanese scientists has succeeded in creating transparent mice which, as explained, can observe their bodies and study the evolution of diseases such as cancer or diabetes without the need to dissect.	&quot;The process can also be used to highlight specific groups of cells.&quot;
Before the meeting, Secretary General of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, Lamberto Zannier, he acknowledged that the ceasefire was increasingly virtual and that the arrival of arms to the rebel zone could &quot;lead to confrontation more open &quot;.	On Tuesday, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe also reported having observed 43 Russian military trucks moving towards the eastern border of Ukraine.
Mormon Church founder admitted that 40 women married Joseph Smith married several wives and authorized others to practice plural ARRIAGE &quot;says a trial of the Church.	The Mormon Church admitted that its founder, Joseph Smith, married about 40 women, including a 14 years and others who were already married to his followers after holding for nearly 200 years that had been monogamous.
The state government has launched an investigation into the case and promises to &quot;take strict action against those responsible.&quot;	The Chhattisgarh state government suspended the sterilization campaign, ordered an investigation into the death of women who underwent surgery and four doctors reported.
&quot;Preliminary reports indicate that drugs given were false and that the equipment used was rusty,&quot; said a senior local government, Siddharth Komal Pardeshi Singh, told Reuters.	&quot;Preliminary reports show that the drugs used were not adequate and that the instruments were rusty,&quot; explained the agency Reuters Siddarth Komal Singh, a senior local government.
A Polish 91, Janina Kolkiewicz, woke up in a body bag in the morgue Ostrow Lubelski eleven hours after a doctor had certified his death.	: Dr. Wieslawa Cyz, responsible for certifying the death of Janina Kolkiewicz said he was &quot;fully convinced&quot; that the woman had died.
A group of relatives of the 43 students Ayotzinapa, normalistas and social organizations pulled a number of caravans on three different routes, they will tour several cities around the country seeking public support for the federal government clarify the disappearance of young and demand that justice be applied to those responsible.	Relatives of 43 missing Mexican students since September began on Thursday a national march to pressure the government to pay more attention to the case.
According to the US military, &quot;coalition aircraft carried forward yesterday evening a series of air strikes in Iraq against what was believed to be a meeting of leaders of ISIS near Mosul,&quot; the second largest city, located in the north and under the control of radical Islamist group.	&quot;I can confirm that coalition aircraft carried out a series of airstrikes last night in Iraq against what was evaluated as a meeting of leaders of ISIL near Mosul,&quot; said Ryder, who used an acronym for Islamic State.
Under the watchful eye of hundreds of thousands of spectators, about 7,000 balloons were launched along 15 kilometers of the old route of the wall with the fourth movement of the Ninth Symphony of Beethoven, based on the Ode to Joy from the German writer Friedrich von Schiller, background.	The launch of this &quot;Border of light,&quot; as it is called the draft balloons, to the tune of the known composition of Beethoven, anthem of the European Union and based on the Ode to Joy from the German writer Friedrich von Schiller, was the moment height of the commemorations.
Most cases and deaths have occurred in Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea.	He recalled that there are about 3,500 health professionals MSF are now working in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea Conakry, most affected countries, some of whom have died.
US President Barack Obama has expressed his appreciation for the release on Saturday of US citizens Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller, serving sentences of hard labor in North Korea work.	US citizens Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller have reached US after being freed by North Korea.
The world&#39;s tallest man marries a Syrian.	Nepali currently holds the title of being the smallest alive and the smallest man in history.
Loretta Lynch yesterday became the first African-American nominated for the Ministry of Justice.	US President Barack Obama today made official the nomination of federal prosecutor in New York, Loretta Lynch, to be attorney general of Justice of the United States, replacing Eric Holder.
According to Fox News, Obama could announce a ten-point plan on immigration as early as November 21, prior to the festivities of Thanksgiving, which usually takes place on November 24 throughout the US territory .	Yesterday, Fox News said that Obama plans to present, as soon as on 21 November, a ten-point plan to modify immigration policy by executive action.
Robert James O&#39;Neill was the man who apparently killed Osama bin Laden in Abbotabad on May 1, 2011.	And sure enough, on the third floor of the house was where O&#39;Neill says that killed bin Laden.
Daniel Solis Gallardo caravan will visit Chiapas, Oaxaca, Morelos, Tlaxcala and ends in Mexico City.	The second will be out this Thursday afternoon to Chiapas, Oaxaca, Morelos and Tlaxcala and the third will do so on Saturday, but will be limited to the area of ​​Guerrero.
The Philae module has successfully placed a thermometer in the comet&#39;s surface, while scientists have received a steady stream of data from the probe.	The descent module had a rough arrival at the surface of Comet 67P / Churyamov-Gerasimenko, 510 million kilometers from Earth.
The agreement adds to the agreement reached in May to provide Gazprom Russian state 38.000 billion cubic meters of gas per year to China using deposits in Eastern Siberia.	&quot;The western route provides for the supply of gas to China from gas fields in Western Siberia.
The judge stated in his ruling that the captain was ultimately responsible for the tragic end of the wreck, as it delayed the evacuation order, did not take appropriate action when the ship comezó to sink and subsequently made no efforts to rescue the passengers.	Lee admitted at trial that panic paralyzed and could not take the &quot;appropriate measures&quot; to try to save the passengers.
The release was the result of contacts maintained by the director of the US National Intelligence, James Clapper, the authorities of the Stalinist regime.	They&#39;re on the way home accompanied by the national director of US intelligence, James Clapper.
Police kill a cannibal when a woman was eaten in a hotel in Wales	Policing a cannibal who was eating the face of a woman South Wales Man, 34, had been released from prison two weeks ago by gender violence.
The Pentagon will have to spend billions of dollars over the next five years to repair its nuclear arsenal, as announced Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel, Friday and has already predicted the US newspaper The New York Times, after Pentagon two studies conclude that there are &quot;systemic problems affecting the nuclear industry.&quot;	The Pentagon will invest billions of dollars to upgrade its nuclear arsenal and infrastructure, internal reports revealed after a series of &quot;systemic problems&quot; maintenance and lack of staff, said Friday the Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel.
Prosecutors had sought the death penalty for Lee Joon-Seok, 69, after leaving their fate to the 476 passengers capsized ferry when on April 16.	The District Court of Gwangju said Lee Joon-seok, 68, guilty of manslaughter because he escaped from the ship without regard to the safety of passengers during the sinking of April 16, in which 304 people died, 9 of which are still missing.
Rodolfo Orellana is accused of money laundering and racketeering charges, besides being investigated for drug trafficking.	Orellana was a fugitive in Peru for more than 130 days and, in addition to face the charges against him, is being investigated in his country for alleged ties to drug trafficking.
Hagel said that &quot;the root cause was a lack of attention and sustained resources&quot;, which has allowed the nuclear arsenal &quot;deteriorate since the end of the Cold War.&quot;	&quot;The root of the problem has been lack of concentration, attention and resources, creating widespread feeling that the nuclear race offers few opportunities for development and progress&quot;.
Perhaps not get, &quot;admitted US President Barack Obama, in an interview broadcast on CBS.	Perhaps not get, &quot;he admitted the President referring to an agreement on the Iranian nuclear policy before the deadline of November 24.
All three have talked about Argentina&#39;s participation in the G-20 Brisbane, to be attended by the foreign minister as head of delegation.	Fernandez de Kirchner on Tuesday held several meetings, including one with the Ministers of Economy, Axel Kicillof; and Foreign Relations Hector Timerman, who represent Argentina at the G20 Summit to be held from tomorrow in Australia.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which officially disapproved of polygamy in the late nineteenth century, had tried for years to show Smith as a loyal husband to his wife Emma.	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has tried to cover up aspects of its history, such as polygamy practiced by Smith and Brigham Young, who collaborated in the founding of the city Salt Lake City, Utah, where the headquarters is located of the institution.
Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, one of the great responsible for the opening of the Iron Curtain, wants to intercede on behalf of Russian President Vladimir Putin at his meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.	&quot;I will defend firmly to Russia and its President Vladimir Putin&quot; in the political forum that will take place on Sunday on the sidelines of the celebrations in Berlin, Gorbachev told Interfax news agency.
Peru Rodolfo Orellana, arrested today in the Colombian city of Cali for allegedly creating a criminal plot in his country, he said in a brief statement before television cameras is &quot;political persecution&quot;.	The Peruvian businessman Rodolfo Orellana, a fugitive from justice in his country where he was accused of running a criminal network, was arrested today in the city of Cali in a joint operation between Peruvian and Colombian authorities, with the support of Interpol and DEA .
Bae and Miller came to the 21, local time, at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state.	Kenneth Bae is received by his family in the Lewis-McChord Air Force Base in Fort Lewis, Washington.
&quot;That puts an end to the blockade of the WTO and opens the way to the Trade Facilitation Agreement&quot;, he said in a statement the Indian Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman.	&quot;India and the US have resolved the deadlock on food security at the World Trade Organization&quot;, published Indian Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, in his Twitter account.
Russian media reported this afternoon of a lightning attack with tanks and armored against rebel positions around Donetsk.	They attack and we defend ourselves &quot;, said Andrei Purguín, deputy prime minister of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People&#39;s Republic, the official Russian news agency RIA-Novosti.
Russia today accused the special mission monitoring the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in Ukraine to present biased information and support Kiev.	Recently, the separatists called for a review of the control mechanism of the Minsk peace accords with the argument that the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe can not guarantee the ceasefire declared on 5 September.
&quot;His eyes were wide, but they were not sensitive to light,&quot; he added the doctor, who confessed to being embarrassed for having issued the death certificate of a patient who was still alive.	&quot;There was no pulse, no sign of breathing nor heart rate,&quot; he told local newspaper &quot;Dziennik Wschodni&quot; according reproduces EFE.
Obama, who arrived in Beijing to attend the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, sought to be friendly with their hosts to acknowledge that &quot;we do not expect China follow the US model in every situation,&quot; the news agency EFE .	Obama attended the 22nd Economic Leaders Meeting of the Forum of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation and make a state visit to China.
At least eleven women have died after undergoing surgery tubal ligation in a health camp organized by the Indian government in the state of Chhattisgarh in central India, according to a new balance picked up by the BBC.	A 22 year old was killed in an act of cannibalism in the Welsh town of Argoed and the alleged perpetrator was killed by shots from a cop with a Taser, reported the BBC.
After several months of negotiations, the portal reached an agreement with rights agency Merlin, which represents some 20,000 independent labels from 39 countries.	Record labels representing 95% of the music industry had already signed the agreement, but Merlin, which represents more than 20,000 companies from 39 countries had not done.
President&#39;s call came after the last person who was being monitored in relation to cases of ebola, concluded Friday the monitoring time after the deadline of 21 days incubation period of the deadly virus.	Zuckerberg, the company president, said that, despite Facebook&#39;s goal is to provide information for people who have added as friends, users of the platform used increasingly over the courier.
The fire on the first floor of a mosque in the Palestinian village of Al-Maghir and damage caused by the release of a molotov cocktail at the ancient synagogue of the Israeli Arab town of Shfaram, raise the tension between Israelis and Palestinians.	&quot;The settlers torched the entire first floor of the mosque&quot; in the village of Al Mughayir near the city of Ramallah, said a security officer.
As no longer trust the State Human Rights Commission teachers requested the intervention of Vidulfo Rosales Sierra, lawyer for the Human Rights Center of the Mountain, who lead the official to a place where the state police also would give teachers detainees.	After a few hours, teachers gave the officer to the organization Human Rights Center Tlachinollan, which also forms the defense of the parents of the missing students.
Moscow criticizes the reports of the organization that safeguards compliance with the peace accords Minsk because &quot;contain comprehensive data on the mobilization of military units of the people&#39;s republics of Donetsk and Lugansk&quot;.	He also confirmed that the rebels faithful &quot;to the format of Minsk with participation of Russia, the OSCE, the republics of Donetsk and Lugansk, and Ukraine&quot; are maintained.
Russia today accused the special mission monitoring the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in Ukraine to present biased information and support Kiev.	The Russian Foreign Ministry accused the mission of the OSCE in charge of monitoring the ceasefire in Ukraine to try to help the authorities in Kiev.
It was originally planned that the Uruguayan delegation traveling at 6:30 local time, but could do just past 10:30 premises.	It is anticipated that the flight of the Uruguayan delegation reached Brasilia at 13:45 local time and will meet with Mujica Rousseff at Planalto presidential palace from 15:00.
Sturgeon, so far, &quot;number two&quot; of the SNP, has been officially declared this leader Friday at the start of the annual meeting of the training held in the Scottish city of Perth.	Which was until now number two of the independence formation is replacing Alex Salmond made.
Police South Wales, burst into the hotel room when Matthew Williams was eating his face to a woman.	The incident took place in a hotel room in the Welsh town of Argoed.
The explosion took place at a school in the town of Potiskum in Yobe region.	The killing comes a week after a suicide attack like segara the lives of twenty people in the Islamic school Faydia of Potiskum, which belongs to a group of the Shiite branch of Islam.
Not later, missionaries aim that númberos d&#39;infectaos Puen be &quot;up to two or even four times larger&quot; than the official.	The bodies of dead people can be up to ten times more contagious than alive infected.
Man stabs killed Dalia Lemkus a 25 year old woman originally from the colony of Tekoa, and wounded two men 26 and 50 years.	Israeli security forces also arrested in Hebron the brother of the man who allegedly stabbed a woman 25 years killing him and wounding two others near a Jewish settlement in the West Bank, according to the agency.
The aircraft was attempting to land on Sunday on the island of Grand Bahama, so far the cause of the accident is unknown.	The air strikes of the international coalition led by the US in Iraq reached a meeting of leaders of the jihadist group Islamic State in the vicinity of Mosul, they reported Efe Pentagon official sources.
Once you&#39;re in settings, you just have to click on &#39;Account Info&#39; and there in &#39;Privacy&#39;.	Once installed, just go to Settings and enter the Privacy tab.
It is recalled that Sendai became the first plant in Japan last September to respect the new standards of the NRA.	Last September, Sendai became the first Japanese plant to meet the new regulations imposed by the NRA after the accident more than three years ago at the Fukushima plant, hit by an earthquake and tsunami.
Josh Earnest, White House Press Secretary, said that Obama would review the final to return next week of his trip to Asia recommendations.	In the same vein spokesman for the White House, Josh Earnest, accompanying Obama on his tour and told reporters that the president receive &quot;soon&quot; the &quot;final recommendations&quot; from his Secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson said.
Purguín said the ceasefire regime is not respected in 75 percent of the virtual line between the two sides.	Coinciding with the resumption of fighting around Donetsk, the separatists announced today that propose the revision of the Minsk agreements, including a declaration of ceasefire and a separation line between the two sides in conflict.
The president reappeared yesterday through messages on the social network Twitter, where he reported on the decision of his Government to withdraw the nomination of Argentina Susana Ruiz Cerutti to the International Court of Justice to make way for the candidate of Jamaica.	The first public appearance occurred but Wednesday night through Twitter when the president announced that Argentina withdrew the candidacy of Ambassador Susana Ruiz Cerutti the International Court of Justice.
&quot;My aunt suffers from senile dementia and is unaware of what has happened&quot; Kolkiewicz said.	Family sources explained that the lady suffers from dementia and apparently is not aware of how close he came to death.
From Colombia, President Juan Manuel Santos said he spoke by phone with Humala on the subject and would give the detainee the Peruvian authorities no later than Friday.	The president of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, had announced hours before Orellana, who is in custody, he will be handed over to Peruvian authorities &quot;today and tomorrow&quot;.
Uruguayan President Jose Mujica, today visited the Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, to celebrate his re-election last October, but the opportunity also served to again ask for your support for the construction of a deepwater port in Uruguay.	Uruguayan President Jose Mujica, was received today in Brasilia by the Brazilian head of state Dilma Rousseff, who personally wanted to congratulate on his re-election in October.
The update for Android if you want to disable the &#39;double check blue&#39; is not yet available in Google Play, but on the website of WhatsApp.	At the moment this option is available for Android users only for what the company has released version 2.11.444 that although is not available on Google Play can be downloaded through the web of WhatsApp.
The police shot a cannibal when a woman devoured Matthew Williams, 34, was caught at dawn biting the face of a girl he had invited to his hotel.	The South Wales Police killed a cannibal when he was eating the face of a woman of 22 years in the hotel room.
&quot;In the case that events are contrary to the Minsk agreement, the Armed Forces are trained and prepared to repel&quot; said Poroshenko, in a statement released by the Ukrainian presidency.	If events turn against the peace plan, the Ukrainian Armed Forces are now willing and able to respond, &quot;he said.
Deputy Minister of Interior and Security Policy Legal, José Vicente Rangel Ávalos, said before the people to elect the president Hugo Chavez, &quot;Torture was institutionalized and frequent political assassination was&quot; in Venezuela.	At the headquarters of the UN for Human Rights in Geneva High Commission, the delegation of Venezuela, led by Deputy Minister of Domestic Policy and Safety, José Vicente Rangel Avalos, he was questioned on compliance with country of the Convention against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman and Degrading.
Three other ferry responsible were sentenced to between 15 and 30 years in prison and eleven crew members were sentenced to between five and ten years.	Court has sentenced to between 30 and five years in prison with 14 other crew members.
This time, the examination revealed that the artist was suffering from dementia with Lewy bodies and, moreover, had not been intoxicated at the time of his suicide, in August this year.	Dementia with Lewy bodies occurs due to abnormal accumulation of proteins in the brain.
They are still under observation in Kayes about 50 people who had contact with the girl.	However, on Monday in Mali optimism he grew up quarantine after 25 of the 108 people who may have had contact with the dead girl.
A human tide went to the center of Berlin, blocking traffic between the Brandenburg Gate and Potsdamer Platz, to witness this show, which closes a weekend of celebrations in the German capital.	Thousands of people will gather around the symbol of German unity, the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin.
&quot;Parents of girls and unmarried women fear their children are forced to marry ISIS fighters and as a result child marriage is on the rise.	The report also highlights violations of women, and that terrified families hastily marry their daughters so they are not forced to marry fighters EI group.
Once you&#39;re in settings, you just have to click on &#39;Account Info&#39; and there in &#39;Privacy&#39;.	Once installed, all you have to do is go to Settings and enter the Privacy tab.
Those responsible for the Rosetta mission do not know how long survive the Philae probe into the comet 67P as it depends on the conditions you have found there.	The Rosetta spacecraft completed the maneuver trajectory change to send the Philae probe to Comet 67P.
Uruguayan President Jose Mujica, who gained worldwide fame for its austerity, studying the unusual offer of an Arab sheik who proposed one million dollars for his old Volkswagen Fusca 1987, said Thursday the weekly Busqueda.	Uruguayan President Jose Mujica, intimated that continues today in Brasilia considering selling his old &quot;Fusca&quot; Volkswagen, after an Arab sheik offered him a million dollars.
Eight women were killed and four are in critical condition after undergoing sterilization surgeries in a government family planning camp in central India, Efe reported an official source.	At least 11 women have died and more than 60 remain hospitalized, 14 in critical condition after undergoing tubal surgery, as part of a campaign of voluntary sterilization in the state of Chhattisgarh in central India.
Three more buses will target the northern state of Chihuahua and will travel Durango, Zacatecas, Jalisco and Michoacan, while three others will go to the southern state of Oaxaca, with stops in Morelos and Tlaxcala.	The jueve by a third caravan trade would also comprises three buses to the southern state of Oaxaca, which includes stops in Morelos and Tlaxcala.
A video of Closed Circuit Television about the incident shows Khyr al Din Hamdan, 22, running towards a police, armed vehicle and hitting a dagger with his gun repeatedly windows rolled.	A video from a surveillance camera shows a young man who swoops against a police car, hitting one of the windows.
It is also explained that the EAAF has been involved in the exhumation of two of the 30 remains recovered in Cerro Viejo / Pueblo Viejo, Iguala, Guerrero, and forensic examination of 30 residues.	&quot;The genetic results obtained EAAF Laboratory The Bode Technology Group located in the United States, on 24 of 30 remains recovered in Cerro Viejo.
The press reported that China and Japan also &quot;recognized that there are different positions among them&quot; on tensions over the islands in the South China Sea and agreed to establish a crisis management mechanism to avoid &quot;contingencies&quot;.	Also manifest understand the differences regarding the sovereignty of islands in the Sea of ​​southern and eastern China, and agree to &quot;prevent escalation of tensions through dialogue and consultation&quot; and establish &quot;mechanisms for crisis management to avoid contingencies &quot;.
The three brigades will conclude its journey in the Zocalo of Mexico City, on 20 November, with a political rally to demand the clarification of the case that are involved Iguala municipal police.	The three caravans, referred to collectively as National Brigade of the 43 Disappeared, will be in the Zocalo of Mexico City on 20 November.
&quot;It is an independent prosecutor who has twice led one of the most important prosecutions in the country,&quot; said presidential spokesman, Josh Earnest.	&quot;Throughout his 30 year career, has distinguished himself as a fierce person, fair and independent lawyer who has twice led one of the most prominent US law offices,&quot; said the president.
The pages were operating in the anonymous network Tor, a software that allows anonymity on the Internet, so that you could not access them through traditional search engines.	Experts believe that the closure represents a milestone in the fight against cybercrime and highlight the use of new techniques by the police to track the physical location of the servers.
Putin confirmed that the summit of Brisbane maintain a bilateral meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and &quot;many other meetings&quot;.	Obama will arrive in Brisbane on Saturday and will talk about their frustrated efforts for Ukraine with a key group of leaders of allied nations, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande and Cameron.
The Russian Defense Ministry did not immediately comment on the claims of Lysenko, but refuted Western allegations that Moscow increased its deployment of troops near the border again.	The Russian Defense Ministry rejected the accusations of Kiev and said that these claims lack any basis and are &quot;a provocation&quot;.
Uruguayan President Jose Mujica, said today after a meeting of about three hours with the Brazilian head of state Dilma Rousseff, the re-election of the president in the October elections has renewed Latin American integration.	The president of Uruguay, Jose Mujica, said today after a meeting in Brazil with Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff its reelection strengthens Latin American integration, and highlighted the good relationship between the two countries.
&quot;In almost all countries surveyed, at least one third of the current Protestants were raised as Catholics and half or more say they were baptized,&quot; says the report.	In Colombia, for example, no less than 74% of the declared Protestants claim to have been raised as Catholics.
The president of Argentina, Cristina Fernandez, onSunday received a medical discharge after being a hospitalized a week for a sigmoiditis box and went to the official residence, where should rest another 10 days.	Argentina&#39;s President Cristina Fernandez was discharged on Sunday, seven days after being admitted to a private clinic in Buenos Aires due to an intestinal infection.
In recent years, it has supported the entry of Palestine as an observer state not a member of the UN and its admission to UNESCO.	Paris and supported the entry of Palestine in the UN cultural agency, UNESCO, and its role as observer member of the UN.
Faced with the risk of a military escalation, the Security Council of the UN convened an emergency meeting today in New York.	After the US and several European countries denounced the entry into Ukraine of military convoys with heavy weaponry from Russia, the Security Council of the UN warned on Wednesday of the risk that the current hostilities resulting in &quot;large-scale fighting.&quot;
The incident occurred during the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation was initially broadcast on state television station CCTV and spread on the Internet.	The moment was captured by CCTV television chain during dinner after the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, which brought together 21 world leaders, including Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and US Barack Obama.
Device technology, about 60 square centimeters, allows researchers gather data from tens of thousands of cell with a single flight.	The planes are able to capture data from thousands of devices during a flight.
The court sentenced for murder the chief engineer of the ship not to help two members of the injured crew, which made him the only one of the four face charges of murder and charged with the crime, and was sentenced to 30 years prison.	The remaining 13 crew members who survived the ferry Sewol were convicted of various charges, including negligence, and sentenced to periods ranging from five to 20 years in prison.
The drama unfolded live up to the 69th floor of the building, also known as &quot;Freedom Tower&quot;, which occupies part of the space left by the Twin Towers destroyed by the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.	Apparently the cable broke while one of workers climbed to the top of the tower, the tallest in the United States.
Peru Rodolfo Orellana, arrested today in the Colombian city of Cali for allegedly creating a criminal plot in his country, he said in a brief statement before television cameras is &quot;political persecution&quot;.	The Peruvian businessman Rodolfo Orellana, a fugitive from justice in his country where he was accused of running a criminal network, was arrested today in the city of Cali in a joint operation between Peruvian and Colombian authorities, with the support of Interpol and DEA .
However, the authorities expect autopsies accurately detailing the cause of death.	Investigations The authorities claimed that know what causes deaths and autopsies will determine just what happened.
The shipment consists of 32 tanks, 16 howitzers D-type 30 and type 30 KamAZ trucks with ammunition and soldiers, &quot;he said in a press conference Andrey Lysenko, spokesman for the Council.	&quot;32 tanks, 16 howitzers and 30 military trucks Kamaz with troops entered Ukraine from Russia&quot; and head to the city of Krasny Luch in Luhansk region, said the spokesman.
&quot;I have come at a time when, all over the world, America is leading from a position of strength,&quot; he said in a tone victorious Obama in a speech at a forum of business leaders in the framework of the Forum summit speech Economic cooperation Asia-Pacific.	Among those challenges, he cited the fight against Ebola, climate change and nuclear proliferation, as Obama said in a speech at a forum of business leaders from the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, which was held today morning the capital of the Asian power.
The app created a new app 2.11.444 Beta already available on the official website and is only compatible for the Android system version, OS 2.1 or higher.	You must keep in mind that the app is only compatible with Android version 2.1 or higher.
Agencies The South Wales Police killed a man who surprised eating the face of a woman of 22 years in the hotel room.	The police shot a cannibal when a woman devoured Matthew Williams, 34, was caught at dawn biting the face of a girl he had invited to his hotel.
Ollanta Humala meets tomorrow with Pope Francisco.	Pope Francisco today held a private audience with President Ollanta Humala in the Vatican.
The presidential medical team, no one can accuse him of squandering information, issued a brief statement in which he states: &quot;The President of Argentina, Dr. Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, has good evolution box sigmoiditis that affects women...	In a brief medical bulletin released this afternoon by the Presidential Medical Unit, it indicated that the high of the president was signed on the basis &quot;of the good performance of sigmoiditis box that affects&quot;.
Putin&#39;s image being chivalrous with first lady quickly ran Chinese social networks.	Media around the world have called the news as &quot;Putin woos Chinese First Lady&quot; or &quot;Vladimir Putin flirts with the first lady of China, Peng Liyuan&quot;.
Alex Salmond, who led Scotland to its first referendum on independence, will deliver a farewell speech.	In the afternoon session of the conference, Alex Salmond, who will remain as a deputy in the autonomous parliament, will deliver after 15.00 GMT a farewell speech to his fellow nationalist formation.
The last medical report before discharge, released Saturday, reported that the head of Argentina State had &quot;a good clinical and imaging evolution,&quot; but omitted to say when he would be discharged and could resume his duties.	According to the last part of Saturday night, the President was in his hospital &quot;for sigmoiditis box&quot; with &quot;good clinical and imaging evolution.&quot;
In his speech, Toyberg-Frandzen said the situation in Donetsk and Lugansk is treated as it was before the agreements cease-fire signed in Minsk on 5 September by the Government of Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels.	On the eve, the OSCE, in charge of enforcing the ceasefire signed on 5 September by the belligerents and many consider dying, warned of &quot;the level of violence in eastern Ukraine.&quot;
United States appeared before the Committee against Torture of the UN, today and tomorrow will review whether Washington has met since 2006 to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading.	In Mexico, torture and ill-treatment following the detention of persons and before they are put at the disposal of justice, are widespread and occur in a context of impunity, according to a report by the Chamber of Deputies he received from Juan Mendez, Special Rapporteur of the United Nations on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading punishment.
Also Friday 150 people participated in the funeral of two teenagers were killed Wednesday in a bombing near a school of Donetsk.	Yesterday the funeral of two children who were killed Wednesday by the fall of a projectile at his school in Donetsk were made.
Armed with wooden bats, machetes, bows and arrows and zip gun for hunting, a group of these Rangers managed to free Wednesday Maiha city, which was under control of the Salafists.	Two days ago another group of local hunters were able to also recover Maiha city, about 25 kilometers from Mubi, which was also under the control of terrorists.
The Director General of ESA, Jean-Jacques Dordain, called Philae landing on the comet 67 / P Churyumov-Gerasimenko as &quot;a great step for human civilization&quot;.	The planes are able to capture data from thousands of devices during a flight.
Armed with wooden bats, machetes, bows and arrows and zip gun for hunting, a group of these Rangers managed to free Wednesday Maiha city, which was under control of the Salafists.	Two days ago another group of local hunters were able to also recover Maiha city, about 25 kilometers from Mubi, which was also under the control of terrorists.
According to sources they explained that the disease would have been key to the star of &#39;Patch Adams&#39;&#39;s decision to take his own life.	Actor Doctors believe the disease was a crucial aspect that could push Robbin Williams to make the decision to take his own life.
Peru and Russia are cooperating in the field of defense technology transfer and coproduction, Peruvian President Ollanta Humala said today.	This is the first visit by a president of Peru to Russia in the 45 years of diplomatic relations, which has been called &quot;historic&quot; by both parties.
European Commissioner for Trade, Cecila Malmstrom, recalled through a statement that the Bali agreements are intended to liberalize global trade in the context of the World Trade Organization.	The agreement on Trade Facilitation, the first global nature that was reached at the last ministerial meeting of the WTO last December in Bali and set dozens of measures to facilitate the flow of goods at customs, reduce bureaucracy and thereby multiply trade between countries.
Ten women were killed and 60 were hospitalized in India after a sterilization operation as part of a government campaign to control the birth rate in this country of nearly 1,250 million.	At least 11 women have died and more than 60 remain hospitalized, 14 in critical condition after undergoing tubal surgery, as part of a campaign of voluntary sterilization in the state of Chhattisgarh in central India.
Relatives want to apply for US cooperation in the search for their missing children.	Relatives claimed that while there is no evidence, will still require finding their children alive, and only rely on data that provide Argentine experts.
Judges of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme consulted by this newspaper believe that these differences are not relevant and consider that the application of the doctrine Booty King&#39;s sister is legally inescapable.	Supreme think, however, that if Castro does not apply Botin doctrine &quot;would be playing with fire.&quot;
Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, one of the great responsible for the opening of the Iron Curtain, wants to intercede on behalf of Russian President Vladimir Putin at his meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.	Former President of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev said Thursday that he will defend Russia and its president, Vladimir Putin, during his visit to Germany on the occasion of the commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, which meets next Sunday, &quot;in discussions with personalities and political leaders I have a firm defense posture of Russia and therefore its president, Vladimir Putin&quot;, he said Gorbachev told Interfax.
Hundreds of Palestinian flags, and especially the Fatah movement who led and Sweden, which has recognized a Palestinian state were waved by the audience.	Also they have seen flags of Sweden, which has recognized Palestine as a state.
The World Health Organization on Wednesday updated its death toll from the Ebola outbreak in West Africa and has reduced to 4,818 the number of deaths, after deducting 440 dead as victims of the virus in Sierra Leone.	The World Health Organization reported Monday that four thousand 818 people have died from Ebola in West Africa and that the number of cases continued to rise in Sierra Leone, but is stabilizing in Guinea and Liberia declining.
If approved by the Senate, Lynch would be the second woman to be attorney general of the country and the first African American woman in office.	If confirmed by the Senate, Lynch became the first black woman in office and continue to First Secretary of Justice of the black nation.
So says the website TMZ, citing sources close to the family of the deceased, who reveals that the actor was suffering dementia with Lewy bodies.	The news was confirmed by sources close to the family, as TMZ said.
In the same vein, the expert said that it is satisfied that have been reported &quot;many more&quot; of the 183 human rights violations and cases of ill-treatment 166 officially registered, &quot;Is it?&quot; How many &quot;?	The Rapporteur asked to specify the number of people who have reported being victims of human rights violations, and many of these have been investigated.
The US government, which has facilitated the return to the country of both citizens applauded note the decision to release them by Pyongyang and thanks to its international allies &quot;especially the Government of Sweden, for his tireless efforts to help secure their release &quot;he added in turn Efe.	In a brief statement from his spokesperson, Ban expressed his relief at the return of the two men to their homes and praised &quot;the work of international partners to help secure their release,&quot; he told Efe turn.
Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO of the company, was responsible for answering questions from Facebook users themselves through a session of &quot;Questions &amp; Answers&quot;.	In late October the area of ​​communication summoned all network users to participate in a question and answer session with the founder of Facebook.
The Ukrainian army prepares for military action in the east of the country by pro-Russian militias to what has proceeded to regroup their forces in the area, today announced Defense Minister of Ukraine Stepan Poltorak.	The Ukrainian army prepares for possible military action in the east of the country by pro-Russian militias, after NATO has denounced Wednesday the presence of the military and military convoys Russia in the east of Ukraine.
A march of teachers and students in Chilpancingo, capital of Guerrero, ended with the ruling PRI headquarters torched.	The tense up of teachers and students in Chilpancingo, capital of Guerrero, 275 kms. Mexico City, for the death of 43 students.
The president of Chile, Michelle Bachelet, will visit China next week on the occasion of the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation and hold a bilateral working visit, official sources said.	The president of Chile, Michelle Bachelet, sought during his first day visit in China increase its economic cooperation with Russia and the countries of the Customs Union in a meeting with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the summit of entrepreneurs forum APEC held today in Beijing.
Loretta Lynch just held press conferences, give interviews or give speeches in his current position as a federal prosecutor in Brooklyn.	Lynch, who grew up in Greensboro, North Carolina, began his career as a federal prosecutor in 1990.
Malian health authorities have confirmed two new deaths from the virus on its borders.	Mali reported two new deaths from Ebola unrelated to the first case documented in the country, authorities said West African state.
The archaeologist explained that the tomb belonged to a man who died in the years of Alexander the Great.	In the past, archaeologists said that the tomb belonged to a possibly important Macedonian and that the place had been ransacked.
The ruling goes against those who &quot;come to Germany with the intention of taking advantage of their social system,&quot; the Democrat Peter Tauber.	However, under German law, who move to Germany with the intention to benefit from these services or seeking work are excluded.
New York Firefighters managed to rescue two workers who cleaned windows in the new tower of the World Trade Center and who had been hanged today at the 69th floor, to get rid of the wiring of the scaffold.	Rescuers of New York firefighters attended this afternoon at the new Tower of the World Trade Center in the financial district of Manhattan, where a scaffold that serve to clean the outside glass of the building hung in the 68 floor dangerously .
The Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team reported that the bones analyzed so far do not correspond to any of the 43 missing Mexican students in Iguala.	The Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team, which conducts an independent expert in the investigation into the disappearance of 43 students in Mexico, reported today that so far there is no correspondence between the human remains analyzed and youth.
Dr. Wieslawa Cyz, responsible for certifying the death of Janina Kolkiewicz said he was &quot;fully convinced&quot; that the woman had died.	&quot;There was no pulse, no sign of breathing nor heart rate,&quot; he told local newspaper &quot;Dziennik Wschodni&quot; according reproduces EFE.
&quot;The root of the problem has been lack of concentration, attention and resources, creating widespread feeling that the nuclear race offers few opportunities for development and progress&quot;.	He also stressed the need to &quot;increase&quot; the &quot;nuclear personnel&quot; and to address &quot;the widespread feeling that a career in the nuclear program offers few opportunities to grow and progress&quot;, commenting on the existing &quot;low morale&quot; among the members of program.
US authorities today announced that Bae and Miller are on their way to their homes after receiving permission to leave North Korea.	Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller received permission to leave the Democratic People&#39;s Republic of Korea.
Equally smiling, Amr walked proudly through the Mukata, at the foot of the mausoleum, a flag of Sweden, who stood out among the hundreds of coats of arms of Fatah, shields of the Organization for the Liberation of Palestine and Palestinian national colors.	&quot;We have been deprived of this anniversary, but history will not forgive those who hinder the Abu Amar plan for the liberation of Palestine.&quot;
The Pope has always shown great care for these people sleeping under the columns of San Pedro and around, and sends Krajewski to give them money and basic necessities such as food and blankets.	Pope authorized the construction of three showers in the bathrooms inside normally used by pilgrims.
Obama, who meets with skepticism and outright denial of climate change in the US Congress has set as a goal that the United States reduce its emissions by between 26% and 28% for 2025, compared with 2005 levels.	For its part, the United States will reduce its emissions by 2025 by between 26 and 28 percent over 2005 levels, which is double the planned cut between 2005 and 2020.
Visits by Jews faithful to the site - known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif - have raised concerns among Muslims on Israel may be trying to take control of the place in secret.	Under an agreement, Jordan has custodial rights over Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem, including the complex known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary.
The arrest was carried out by a prosecutor of the Special Prosecution Directorate Organized Crime in Colombia with the support of the police and the DEA.	Miller, 24, was sentenced to six years by the Supreme Court of North Korea after being arrested for allegedly breaking his visa and asylum.
Police South Wales, burst into the hotel room when Matthew Williams was eating his face to a woman.	The case occurred in the former Hotel Sirhowy towards 01.23 GMT, where the police were informed that a man identified as Matthew Williams was attacking a woman, according to the security force.
Osama bin Laden, leader of Al Qaeda, and one of the men most wanted by the United States was killed on May 1, 2011 in his hideout in Pakistan.	The body of the leader of Al Qaeda was finally released the Arabian Sea in May 2011.
All patients at risk have been monitored for 21 days, the maximum incubation period of the disease, if they own symptoms of Ebola, such as fever, vomiting, diarrhea or bleeding.	All have been subjected to two daily temperature checks for symptoms of Ebola.
At least twenty young Palestinians from Israeli citizenship were arrested today by police in a growing wave of protests by the Arab minority in Israel, after the death on Friday of a young man at the hands of police in a town in the Galilee.	Israel&#39;s Arab community protested Sunday against the death of a young man shot dead by police in a town next to Nazareth, in another episode of violence in this region.
The prosecutor sought the death penalty for the marine ferry, which sank in South Korea.	Prosecutors had sought the death penalty for Lee Joon-Seok, 69, after leaving their fate to the 476 passengers capsized ferry when on April 16.
The captain of the South Korean ship Sewol, whose shipwreck caused 304 dead, avoided the death penalty to be sentenced today to 36 years in prison as head of tragedy, while authorities were terminated the rescue boat, although there are still nine missing.	Japan&#39;s Kagoshima Prefecture reactivate today approved the first nuclear power plant in Japan after the nuclear outage caused by the Fukushima accident in 2011, despite opposition from public opinion and the local population.
He further recalled that the head of the delegation, José Vicente Rangel Avalos, Deputy Minister of Interior and Public Safety Policy, said during his speech that Venezuela is a signatory of the Convention, &quot;which compliance is compelling.&quot;	At the headquarters of the UN for Human Rights in Geneva High Commission, the delegation of Venezuela, led by Deputy Minister of Domestic Policy and Safety, José Vicente Rangel Avalos, he was questioned on compliance with country of the Convention against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman and Degrading.
Hamas&#39; response came quickly: all these are nothing but &quot;lies&quot;, &quot;insults&quot; and &quot;misinformation&quot; when &quot;the Palestinian people need a brave president&quot;, ten years after the death of their national icon.	Palestinian leader accuses Israel of perpetuating &#39;religious war&#39; on anniversary of the death of Yasser Arafat.
The robot Philae European Rosetta space probe landed on a comet today more than 510 million kilometers from Earth, an unprecedented milestone in the history of space conquest.	The Chury comet is currently traveling between the orbits of Jupiter and Mars, more than 450 million kilometers from Earth.
In addition, estimated numbers infected are &quot;up to two or even four times larger&quot; than the official.	The bodies of dead people can be up to ten times more contagious than alive infected.
Salmond, who in 1987 was elected to the House of Commons by the Scottish Banff &amp; Buchan demarcation, only made an ironic allusion to that question at the beginning of his speech.	Salmond has not ruled aspire to a seat in the House of Commons within six months.
The president, 61, &quot;resumed yesterday incipiently government agenda&quot; at the presidential residence of Olivos, in the outskirts of the city of Buenos Aires, the coordinating minister said.	The president, 61, must comply by prescription 10 Sabbaths and is today at the presidential residence of Olivos.
In April 2013 he was sentenced by the North Korean Supreme Court for hostile acts against the country and sentenced to 15 years hard labor.	Miller, 24, was sentenced to six years by the Supreme Court of North Korea after being arrested for allegedly breaking his visa and asylum.
The US-led coalition is experiencing a &quot;steady and sustainable progress&quot; in their fight against EI militants in Iraq and Syria, but warned that &quot;it will be a long and difficult struggle.&quot; &quot;There will be setbacks.	Channel 2 of Israeli television reported that 400 homes in Har Homa and 600 in Har Shlomo are part of an agreement reached by the Economy Minister Naftali Bennett, the procolono party Jewish House in exchange for the promise of stability in the coalition government.
Chinese censorship has been quick to remove Internet a video showing how a gentlemanly Vladimir Putin covers the shoulders of the first lady of China, Peng Liyuan, a layer during the gala dinner held on the occasion of the Forum summit Economic cooperation Asia-Pacific.	Russian President Vladimir Putin had a chivalrous gesture with the first lady of China, Peng Liyuan, during the XXII Summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, which has been interpreted in international media as a &quot;flirtation&quot;.
According to the US military, &quot;coalition aircraft carried forward yesterday evening a series of air strikes in Iraq against what was believed to be a meeting of leaders of ISIS near Mosul,&quot; the second largest city, located in the north and under the control of radical Islamist group.	&quot;I can confirm that coalition aircraft carried out a series of airstrikes last night in Iraq against what was evaluated as a meeting of leaders of ISIL near Mosul,&quot; said Ryder, who used an acronym for Islamic State.
Russia, which denies any involvement in the conflict in eastern Ukraine, where more than 4,000 people have died since last April, denounced the allegations made in Sofia by Philip Breedlove, commander of NATO.	The OSCE and NATO have confirmed the entry into eastern Ukraine from Russian territory of equipment, tanks, artillery, air defense systems and even troops to aid the separatist militias.
Since the module is separated from the probe, &quot;the mission was divided into two&quot; but Rosetta is still &quot;fundamental&quot; because Philae need to communicate with Earth.	Malargüe communications from the probe, which take about 25 minutes to reach Earth are received.
At least eleven women have died after undergoing surgery tubal ligation in a health camp organized by the Indian government in the state of Chhattisgarh in central India, according to a new balance picked up by the BBC.	Eleven women have died and more than fifty are hospitalized after undergoing surgery mass sterilization of government in Chhattisgarh state in central India.
EAAF said in a statement that has been involved in the exhumation and, in some cases, in the analysis of the remains found in areas of Cerro Viejo and La Parota, in the town of Iguala and Cocula in the dustbin and the San Juan River shore.	Another of the work was the removal of human remains and evidence associated with them in the dustbin of Cocula and the side of the Rio San Juan in Cocula, Guerrero.
The year 1989 was full of historical events for the Soviet Union, where the fall of the Berlin Wall did not have the same importance as in the West.	The last leader of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev will meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel during the celebrations for the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
President of Peru, Ollanta Humala, the first by a head of state of the Latin American country in 45 years of diplomatic relations meets today with the head of the Kremlin, Vladimir Putin, on the first day of his visit to Russia.	The presidents of Peru, Ollanta Humala, and Russia, Vladimir Putin, today boosted bilateral ties in various fields during the first official visit by a Peruvian president to this country in 45 years of diplomatic relations.
Since 2010 is federal Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, a position he had occupied from 1999 to 2001 under President Bill Clinton.	The Senate confirmed twice Lynch as federal Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, first from 1999 to 2001 and again in 2010, and the official has solid support in the Democratic base.
Judges of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme consulted by this newspaper believe that these differences are not relevant and consider that the application of the doctrine Booty King&#39;s sister is legally inescapable.	The lawyer of the Infanta, Miquel Roca, serves the media after the charge of the king&#39;s sister.
In Germany, job seekers who need assistance can apply for basic insurance to ensure their livelihood.	The directive is intended, according to the ruling, &quot;thereby prevent the citizens of the Union who do not exercise an economic activity using the health care system of the host Member State to ensure their subsistence.&quot;
The announcement came just a day after the country&#39;s health authorities should tell that there had been no more cases -much less diseased- after a two year old girl who traveled the country from Guinea should die from the virus at the end October.	Confirmation of the two dead occurs when Mali was about to exceed 21 days after the onset of the single case of Ebola had been reported so far, the girl.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs denied that Israel prevented the entrance of the Colombian Foreign Minister Maria Angela Holguin, Palestine and said it was she who decided to suspend Colombian. Israel Foreign Minister Holguin Holguin said he was chancellor who canceled a visit to Ramallah Chancellor of Colombia, Maria Angela Holguin.	Israel denies entry have prevented Palestinian Foreign Minister Holguin Middle East.
The new gas deal under discussion will include the sale by Russia of 30,000 million cubic meters of additional gas to China for 30 years through from deposits in Western Siberia and delivered through the pipeline Altai.	The agreement includes the supply of gas to China from fields of Western Siberia with direct deliveries for 2019.
In an interview with The Washington Post, O&#39;Neill said that it was he who fired the bullet that hit the front of Bin Laden.	Some service members and veterans of special operations are not happy that one of their own has publicly acknowledged that was the author of the shot that ended the life of Osama Bin Laden.
It happens that the founder and patriarch of the Church of Latter-day Saints built part of its prestige from the unconditional and exclusive love that supposedly devoted to his wife.	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which officially disapproved of polygamy in the late nineteenth century, had tried for years to show Smith as a loyal husband to his wife Emma.
Although the technology existed to return to fetuses and adult mouse brains, discolor adult mice and their internal organs with large amounts of blood transparent it had been difficult.	However, this discovery to adult mice and organs was applied with a large amount of blood.
Witnesses also reported several airstrikes international coalition led by the United States against EI.	The bombing of their positions by the US-led coalition does not seem to have dented decisively.
The Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram has taken control of the northeastern town of Chibok, where last April abducted more than 200 girls from a school.	The Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram took Chibok city, in northeastern Nigeria, where more than six months ago were kidnapped 276 students, despite repeated government promises to send reinforcements to the area.
According to the latest figures from the World Health Organization, the Ebola epidemic so far has left almost 5,000 dead in eight countries, mostly in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, for a total of more than 13 thousand cases.	He recalled that there are about 3,500 health professionals now working MSF in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, most affected countries, some of whom have died.
&quot;In almost all countries surveyed, at least one third of the current Protestants were raised as Catholics and half or more say they were baptized,&quot; says the report.	In Colombia, for example, no less than 74% of the declared Protestants claim to have been raised as Catholics.
In his speech, Toyberg-Frandzen said the situation in Donetsk and Lugansk is treated as it was before the agreements cease-fire signed in Minsk on 5 September by the Government of Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels.	On the eve, the OSCE, in charge of enforcing the ceasefire signed on 5 September by the belligerents and many consider dying, warned of &quot;the level of violence in eastern Ukraine.&quot;
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has tried to cover up aspects of its history, such as polygamy practiced by Smith and Brigham Young, who collaborated in the founding of the city Salt Lake City, Utah, where the headquarters is located of the institution.	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which officially disapproved of polygamy in the late nineteenth century, had tried for years to show Smith as a loyal husband to his wife Emma.
The Luxembourg court considers that Member States may deny social benefits to immigrants who want community abuse the system and do not develop any economic activity or actively seeking work.	The German government welcomed today by the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union which will deny some social benefits to EU citizens who do not develop any economic activity or actively seeking work.
New York Firefighters managed to rescue two workers who cleaned windows in the new tower of the World Trade Center and who had been hanged today at the 69th floor, to get rid of the wiring of the scaffold.	City firefighters came to save two limpiavidrios trapped in the floor 68; one of the cables supporting the hanging structure would have evolved.
That means that no longer fits the excuse ... &quot;forgive is that it has not reached me&quot; or &quot;pardon is that I have not read&quot;.	Not only it tells you if you have reached you, but also if you read it.
Minister for the Interior, Justice and Peace, Carmen Melendez, reported Sunday that Leiva Padilla Mendoza, alias &quot;El Colombia&quot;, alleged murderer of government deputy Robert Serra, will be extradited from Colombia in the coming days.	The BBC said that the alleged murderer was also killed in a hotel after receiving a barrage of stun gun.
Palestinian leader accuses Israel of perpetuating &#39;religious war&#39; on anniversary of the death of Yasser Arafat.	Hamas&#39; response came quickly: all these are nothing but &quot;lies&quot;, &quot;insults&quot; and &quot;misinformation&quot; when &quot;the Palestinian people need a brave president&quot;, ten years after the death of their national icon.
After several months of negotiations, the portal reached an agreement with rights agency Merlin, which represents some 20,000 independent labels from 39 countries.	Record labels representing 95% of the music industry had already signed the agreement, but Merlin, which represents more than 20,000 companies from 39 countries had not done.
The media in this country immediately eliminated an Internet video, in which a gentlemanly Putin appears covering the shoulders of the first lady of China, Peng Liyuan, a coat during the gala dinner of the summit.	The Kremlin today defended the gallantry of Russian President Vladimir Putin, who put on the shoulders of the first Chinese lady a blanket during the gala dinner of the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation in Beijing.
Although with 425 million faithful, Latin America contains 40% of the Catholic population in the world, more and more Christians who call themselves Protestants.	Latin America has more than 425 million Catholics account for nearly 40% of the Catholic population worldwide, but the number of faithful seeking another denomination increases steadily, mostly in Protestant denominations.
Robert O&#39;Neill, the member of the Special Forces US Navy Seal who fired the fatal shot that killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in 2011, revealed more details about the operation until a few days ago was secret.	In an interview for CNN, Robert O&#39;Neill, who was a member of the elite group of special forces Navy Seal US for 15 years, said the former leader of Al Qaeda, Osama Bin Laden, &quot;died frightened as a chicken&quot;.
A wave of arctic cold is causing heavy snowfall in several regions of Canada and the midwestern United States.	A wave of polar air from Alaska Tuesday lowered the temperature in nine states of central and northeastern United States, with heavy snow that left two dead and hundreds of flights canceled and more than 700 road accidents.
Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and US Secretary of State, John Kerry, today called for an urgent meeting between Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists, brokered by Russia and OSCE in Minsk.	Lavrov spoke by phone with Kerry on his own initiative, as reported by the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
But only he &quot;felt really free&quot; on November 9, 1989, date when the Berlin Wall fell, now Germany and the whole world remember.	On November 12, 1989, Daniel Barenboim led a concert in Berlin with music by Beethoven.
Bissonnette said in his book &quot;No Easy Day,&quot; published in 2012, there were two other Navy Seal who topped bin Laden when he was mortally wounded on the ground.	However, in his book No Easy Day, published in 2012, Matt Bissonnette, one of the three Navy Seals- said he also shot, but it was the first command that killed bin Laden.
Williams was released from prison two weeks earlier after serving a five-year sentence for violently attacking his former partner.	Matthew Williams, 34, had been released just two weeks ago after serving a long sentence of five years in prison for crimes of violence.
Meanwhile, US Secretary of State John Kerry met with his Iranian counterpart, Mohammad Javad Zarif, in the framework of talks led by the representative of the European Union Catherine Ashton.	Mohammad Javad Zarif hold talks with United States Secretary of State, John Kerry, and the envoy of the European Union, Catherine Ashton, in Oman on Sunday to try to save gaps before negotiations resume in Vienna on 18 November.
The judgment is based on the EU directive on the right of movement and residence, which determines the right of residence to exercise an economic activity or have sufficient resources.	When the period of residence is more than three months but less than five years, the standard conditions the right of residence to persons not engaged in economic activity have sufficient own resources.
The insurgent said overnight Ukrainian troops shelled several residential areas of Donetsk, where two teenagers were killed Wednesday in an attack on the football field of a local school.	Two teenagers died yesterday and four others wounded by artillery fire on the soccer field of a school in the same town.
This city is the commercial capital of Yobe, Borno and together with Adawama are the three northern provinces where it remains in force the state of emergency decreed by the Government of Nigeria since May 2013, because of the violence of Boko Haram.	The terrorist group has continued to carry out kidnappings and attacks, most centered in the northern states of Borno, Yobe and Adawama, leading state of emergency since May 2013.
Pope Francisco has had a new gesture to those who have less: he ordered to build showers in the bathrooms located on one side of the Plaza de San Pedro, to be used by vagrants surrounding the Vatican published Notimex.	Pope Francis has sent three showers installed inside the bathrooms that is under the columns of the Basilica of San Pedro so they can wash and change the homeless who sleep around the Vatican.
The aircraft was attempting to land on Sunday on the island of Grand Bahama, so far the cause of the accident is unknown.	A small plane crashed while trying to land on Sunday on the island of Grand Bahama and the nine people on board were killed, officials Bahamas.
The announcement came just a day after the country&#39;s health authorities should tell that there had been no more cases -much less diseased- after a two year old girl who traveled the country from Guinea should die from the virus at the end October.	The Chhattisgarh state government suspended the sterilization campaign, ordered an investigation into the death of women who underwent surgery and four doctors reported.
According to the indictment prosecutors, who welcomed the court, the religious advantage of its status as spiritual guide of the educational establishment constantly subtracted from the classroom to one of the girls to commit abuses between 2007 and 2012.	Ten years later the priest was accused by parents of two students to take advantage of their status as spiritual leader the establishment to constantly remove them from the classroom and molesting them.
Mali recorded its first case with the death of a two year old girl on October 24 in Kayes, who traveled with her grandmother from southern neighboring Guinea, where the epidemic was declared in December 2013.	&quot;In the case that events are contrary to the Minsk agreement, the Armed Forces are trained and prepared to repel&quot; said Poroshenko, in a statement released by the Ukrainian presidency.
The fugitive lawyer Rodolfo Orellana was captured Thursday in the city of Cali, Colombia, more than 130 days after the Judiciary ordered his preventive detention.	Her sister was also arrested Ludith Thursday, but in the city of Huaral, north of Lima.
Why the man who killed Osama bin Laden came to light?	But now it is known who it was that killed bin Laden, the leader of Al Qaeda and the archenemy of the United States.
President of Peru, Ollanta Humala, will address today with the Russian leader, Vladimir Putin, the construction of a nuclear power plant in the Latin American country, a spokesman for the Kremlin said.	President of Peru, Ollanta Humala, is scheduled to start today a tour that will take you first to Russia, where on Friday he will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin, then to China and the Vatican on a journey that will end the 16th.
A team of Japanese scientists has succeeded in creating transparent mice which, as explained, can observe their bodies and study the evolution of diseases such as cancer or diabetes without the need to dissect.	Scientists manages to make transparent to mice to study cancer.
Pope Francisco ordered the construction of three showers in all three baths beneath the columns of the Vatican basilica.	Pope Francis has sent three showers installed inside the bathrooms that is under the columns of the Basilica of San Pedro so they can wash and change the homeless who sleep around the Vatican.
Hitmen have declared that killed the boys and burned their bodies for 14 hours in a dump of the town of Cocula, Iguala neighbor, then dumped the remains in bags in a river.	Detainees thugs told at the dump burned the bodies of the students and then threw his body into the river.
From Rome, the head of state revealed that since 45 days ago, &quot;it was known that Orellana was outside the country,&quot; and for that reason a team from the Anti-Drug Directorate of Peru traveled to Colombia, after learning that the lawyer, investigated by if &quot;the Switchboard&quot; had escaped via Ecuador.	From Rome, where he will meet tomorrow with Pope Francisco, Humala Tasso said 45 days ago a team from the Anti-Drug Directorate of the National Police moved to Cali, after having information indicating that &#39;El Gordo&#39; had emerged from Peru to Ecuador and then to Colombia.
It also urged the militants from Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya to &quot;fight the laity.&quot;	Al-Baghdadi also refers to the events of recent days and calls his followers to keep fighting &quot;crusaders&quot;.
Another significant contribution was that of Edgar Tellez, the editor of Planet who is an authority on the history of drug trafficking in Colombia, which allowed Juan Pablo-Sebastian complement the familiar sight of the facts with a picture macro world the drug.	Overall, the book combines a count well done in the history of drug trafficking in Colombia with the family drama that starred.
A total of 83 women, all under 32 years old, poor and rural areas, were operated on Saturday in a hospital on the outskirts of the city of Bilaspur, in the central state of Chhattisgarh, officials said.	Women who underwent surgery on Saturday received a payment of $ 10 each, and 83 were operated within six hours, he said state medical director, Dr. SK Mandal told The Associated Press by phone.
Ismael Zambada Imperial, alias &quot;El Gordo Mayito&quot; or &quot;El Mayo Gordo&quot; capo son of Ismael &quot;El Mayo&quot; Zambada, was captured yesterday by members of the Marina in El Salado, Sinaloa, along with two alleged accomplices.	The son of capo was arrested Wednesday in the town of La Estancia de los Burgos, belonging to the receivership of El Salado, municipality of Culiacan Ismael Zambada Imperial, known as the Mayito Gordo, son of Mayo Zambada, he was arrested on Wednesday by members of the Mexican army in Sinaloa.
The Fox News has turned to this cause and tonight offers a special program called &#39;The Man Who Killed Osama Bin Laden&#39; to be two installments: the tonight and tomorrow.	Robert James O&#39;Neill is the man who apparently killed Osama bin Laden in Abbotabad on May 1, 2011.
According to the autopsy performed the actor Robin Williams, who suffered delusions indicated not only suffered from depression, anxiety, but Lewy body dementia, which occurs in many cases of Parkinson.	It is thanks to information provided by TMZ, the great actor who can see posthumously in &#39;Night at the Museum 3&#39;, not only suffered from severe depression accompanied by anxiety and Parkinson&#39;s disease at the time of death, as it has been detected who also suffered from a disease called Lewy body dementia, which in many cases is associated with parkinson problematic.
However from Kiev she refused a new military offensive is underway in the east.	They attack and we defend ourselves &quot;, said Andrei Purguín, deputy prime minister of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People&#39;s Republic, the official Russian news agency RIA-Novosti.
&quot;A Member State must have the possibility to deny social benefits to citizens of the Union not to develop an economic activity and exercising their freedom of movement with the sole aim of perceiving social assistance of another Member State when no resources enough to qualify for the right of residence, &quot;said the ruling released Tuesday.	Ensuring keep the ruling said: &quot;The directive aims thereby prevent the citizens of the Union who do not exercise an economic activity using the health care system of the host Member State to ensure their subsistence.&quot;
In the event that the Court decides again that you can carry out the charge, the Infanta go to trial.	Still, Roca has stressed the importance that the Court has determined that there are no bleaches capital crimes, the most serious cause to which the Infanta Cristina faced.
The news was confirmed by sources close to the family, as TMZ said.	Sources close to the family confirmed the diagnosis the news portal TMZ, means agreed to a report which stated that the actor was suffering from the condition.
After hearing this, the Argentine pope authorized the construction of three showers in the bathrooms inside normally used by pilgrims, and begin to be installed on 17 November.	They will be placed inside the bathrooms that is under the columns of the Basilica of San Pedro.
On Wednesday, Secretary of State met in Paris with French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, to explain the details of your plan.	The United States Secretary of State, John Kerry began Sunday in Oman a meeting with Iranian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mohammad Javad Zarif to make progress on the nuclear program that Tehran develops.
Authorities asked residents not to leave home until the cat is trapped.	A tiger escaped and lurks nearby park Disneyland Paris and the authorities ordered the inhabitants of three villages who do not leave their homes.
The governments of China and Japan recognized that &quot;there are different positions including&quot; respect for the sovereignty of islands located in the East China Sea, known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China.	The press reported that China and Japan also &quot;recognized that there are different positions among them&quot; on tensions over the islands in the South China Sea and agreed to establish a crisis management mechanism to avoid &quot;contingencies&quot;.
You can tell if a contact that you have on the agenda have read your messages and vice versa.	In addition to knowing whether a target location or has not read your message, it is now possible to know, in a group, that user have done and what not.
Emergency teams have rescued two workers who were hanging on a scaffold on the 69th floor of Tower 1 World Trade Center, built on the remains of the Twin Towers destroyed in the attacks of September 11. or More as 50 Reviewed	And as the successor of the Twin Towers, it became a symbol of the recovery of New York-and the United States after the terrorist attacks of September 11.
Lava from Kilauea volcano, located on the &quot;Big Island&quot; of Hawaii, United States, destroyed the first house in the village of Pahoa, threatening another fifty homes, local authorities said.	The lava flow from Kilauea volcano, inching towards the town of Pahoa on the Big Island State of Hawaii, has reduced to ashes the first house that was under threat and had been previously evicted, as reported by officials Civil defense.
Dementia with Lewy bodies causes symptoms such as hallucinations, attention problems, and difficulty recognizing family and friends, she reported the portal.	Dementia with Lewy bodies occurs due to abnormal accumulation of proteins in the brain.
The exciting images of people crowding in Berlin in November 1989 after the fall of the Wall have a soundtrack: the music of Beethoven, this Sunday will ring at the Brandenburg Gate.	Thousands of people will gather around the symbol of German unity, the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin.
Yesterday, activists and students were mobilized to try to find out how many people were arrested the day before, due to vandalism which then gave a demonstration passed peacefully headquarters of the Attorney General of the Republic to the Zocalo again to demand justice in the case of the 43 normalistas Ayotzinapa who remain missing since last Sept. 26.	The riots have occurred at the end of a march that had departed from the premises of the Attorney General of the Republic to the Zocalo of Mexico City to demand the return alive of the 43 students missing in September.
Lava Kilauea volcano on the Big Island of Hawaii, burning the first home.	This was the first reduced to ashes by the gushing lava flow from Kilauea Volcano on the Big Island, and scientists have warned residents since August home.
In the attack perpetrated on Monday, at least 48 people, mostly students-were killed and 79 wounded in a secondary school in the town of Potiskum, in northeastern Nigeria.	The suicide attack caused chaos, forcing schools to close most of the town of Potiskum.
The president, 61, &quot;resumed yesterday incipiently government agenda&quot; at the presidential residence of Olivos, in the outskirts of the city of Buenos Aires, the coordinating minister said.	&quot;The President&#39;s Office has resumed yesterday of an incipient way the government agenda, a fact that is very important,&quot; the chief of staff this morning at his usual meeting with reporters, but said that &quot;obviously under the prescription of rest. &quot;
Mali recorded its first case with the death of a two year old girl on October 24 in Kayes, who traveled with her grandmother from southern neighboring Guinea, where the epidemic was declared in December 2013.	In the case of the 14-year-old Helen Mar Kimball, daughter of a close friend of Joseph Smith, the marriage was only for eternity with which, according to trial, it notes that at the time was legal to marry girls says that age, would not have involved sex.
&quot;We saw columns of Russian equipment, Russian tanks, Russian air defense systems, Russian artillery and Russian troops enter Ukraine combat,&quot; said Breedlove.	The OSCE and NATO have confirmed the entry into eastern Ukraine from Russian territory of equipment, tanks, artillery, air defense systems and even troops to aid the separatist militias.
The problem occurred on the south side of One World Trade Center, the tallest skyscraper in the United States.	Workers were hanging off the floor 68 outside the building One World Trade Center.
Meanwhile, Hagel said the US-led coalition is experiencing a &quot;steady and sustainable progress&quot; in their fight against EI militants in Iraq and Syria, but warned that &quot;it will be a long and difficult struggle.&quot; &quot;There will be setbacks.	In the recording, the alleged leader of ISIS declares that the international coalition led by Washington is failing in its fight against the jihadists.
The signatories have indicated that &quot;all these serious allegations occur within one year of the entry into force of the Special Law to Prevent and Punish Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading in Venezuela&quot;.	Thus, they have urged Venezuela &quot;to extend an invitation to the UN Special Rapporteur against Torture and ratify the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading&quot;.
Doctors Marcelo Ballesteros and Daniel Fernandez said the ruling &quot;continues with antibiotic treatment, special diet, rest and evolutionary control&quot; in the presidential residence of Olivos, in the outskirts of Buenos Aires.	The medical report signed by Dr. Marcelo Ballesteros and Daniel Fernández, the president said that &quot;meets symptomatic and antibiotic treatment&quot; in the private sanatorium Otamendi of Argentina&#39;s capital.
This retired official of the GDR confesses, 25 years after the fall of the Wall, which was happy in the GDR.	The fall of the wall was part of the widespread collapse of communism in Eastern Europe.
