But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was leaving the door open to other offers and expected to see active bidders interested in individual equipment.	But others close to the sale, sources said Vivendi was leaving the door open for more deals in the next day or two.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit in three years.	Micron numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years of DRAM manufacturers.
The fines are part of Republicans to force or entice Democrats to return failed efforts.	Perry said he supports efforts by the Senate, including fines, to force Democrats to return.
The American Anglican Council, representing the Episcopal conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.	The American Anglican Council, representing the Episcopal conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create an independent province in North America due to the actions of last week.
The technology-laden Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; rose 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1615.02.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $ 65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.	Allergan shares rose 14 cents to $ 78.40 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
US prosecutors have detained more than 130 people and have seized more than $ 17 million in ongoing repression of abuse and fraud on the Internet.	More than 130 people have been arrested and $ 17 million worth of property seized in a sweep of Internet fraud announced Friday by three US government agencies.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they have &quot;at least one of the fires resolved in that regard.&quot;	Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators were convinced that the arrests were &quot;at least one of the fires resolved.&quot;
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed symptoms of SARS on December 10.	The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
Help will come as a free software update called WebVPN for current customers who have support contracts.	The update will be available as a free download for current supported by SmarNet customers in January 2004.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.	A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison on Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack an airliner from Cuba to Florida in April.
Jim Williams, project director of US-VISIT, said in mid-November, many passengers in Atlanta will be fichados and photographed.	Jim Williams, project director of US-VISIT, said in mid-November, inspectors will be photographing fingerprints and many foreign passengers arriving at Atlanta.
The hearing came a day after the Pentagon first officer stated, Dallager, not to face scandal.	The hearing came a day after the Pentagon for the first time appointed official - Dallager - not to deal with the scandal.
The Episcopal Church &#39;&#39; is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion, &#39;&#39; said Rev. Peter Karanja very, provost of All Saints Cathedral in Nairobi.	In Nairobi, the rector of the Cathedral of All Saints, the Rev. Peter Karanja very, said the Episcopal Church of the United States was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion itself.
The counties with population declines will be vermilion, Posey and Madison.	Populations of vermilion, Posey and Madison County decrease.
Swartz, who was accused in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.	Swartz had tried to have the charges, saying that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.	In 1995, the latest survey, those numbers were equal.
High Courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.	Federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional prohibition against established state religion.
They were at the Raffles Hospital this weekend for further evaluation.	They were tested again this weekend and is now protected at Raffles Hospital.
When the bomb exploded in the House of Spain, customers were having dinner and playing bingo.	In the House of Spain, customers were having dinner and playing bingo when a bomb exploded.
Plofsky said the Commission did not investigate because the limitation period expired three years.	The panel will not initiate a formal investigation because it has expired limitation period, Plofsky said.
In two weeks, probably we send peace rules in the Preakness.	Frankel said that peace rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
If convicted of espionage charges, he could face the death penalty.	The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 7.60 technology laces points, or 0.46 percent, to 1,653.62.	The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index &lt;.SPX&gt; shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, to 995.10.
Hilsenrath and Klarman were each charged with three counts of securities fraud.	Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the bottlenecks of the network and are pushing the FCC to aid and abet them.	You may be dying because vested interests are positioning points to control the Internet and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them. &quot;
But observers and church members say they hope the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.	But observers and church members say they anticipate that the decision could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible forbids homosexuality.
Squyres is principal investigator of the burden of Athena - a collection of scientific instruments carried by each rover.	Steve Squyres, a scientist at Cornell University, is principal investigator for the science instruments missions.
The army said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.	The army said it had killed 16 rebels and nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier dead and six wounded.
The new sensor - dubbed Canarias &#39;&#39; cell antigen analysis and reporting of risks and returns &#39;&#39; --apropia of this natural process with two major changes.	The team has named the Canary sensor, for cell analysis and reporting of risks and returns antigen.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $ 66.89 on Nasdaq.	Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell about 4 percent to $ 66.73 on Nasdaq in mid-morning trade.
One, based in Fort Carson Sergeant Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend the funeral of his mother in Pennsylvania.	Sergeant Ernest Bucklew, 33, was home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington then fled with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker on Saturday.	Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after being cited with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation remains focused on Campbell said, although prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.	While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
Jones.DJI Dow industrial average was 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, to 9,137.86.	The blue chip Dow Jones industrials fell 86.56 average.DJI points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
Peace Rules beat Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.	But neither he nor peace rules could prevent Funny Cide drawing away.
Waksal pleaded guilty to securities fraud and should be sentenced next week.	Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year and is scheduled to be sentenced on June 10.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.	Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
Still, I said, &quot;I am absolutely sure that we will have a bill.&quot;	&quot;I am absolutely sure that we will have a bill,&quot; Frist, R -Tennessee, said last Thursday.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed in the coming weeks.	The treatment of Korean Air is expected &quot;in the coming weeks,&quot; said Boeing spokesman Bob Saling.
EDS shares closed Thursday at $ 18.51, a gain of 6 cents.	EDS shares closed Thursday at $ 18.51, rose 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.	There were 293 human cases of West Nile virus in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force public libraries in the nation to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.	The Supreme Court said Monday that the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting complaints that the law librarians tantamount to censorship.
The weakness exists in the way VBA Look at the properties of the last documents when the document is opened by a host application.	the vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft Visual Basic for Applications property controls the past document when a document is open.
24 million call-in votes, 50.28% were Studdard, putting 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.	Of the 24 million phone votes, Studdard was just 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
Consumers still have to get a card decoding your cable operator to plug the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by your cable service.
However, we decided to opt for the European consortium engine as the best overall solution and because of the substantial efforts the price. &quot;	However, we decided to opt for the European consortium engine as the best overall solution. &quot;
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy investigations.	The US Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone&#39;s original request in December 2001, saying that the trial was carried out carelessly.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, he says something, House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R -Wisconsin, is sensitive to.	House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R -Wisconsin, says it is sensitive to complaints from civil liberties.
The Dodgers won their sixth straight game their longest streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday before a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	The Dodgers won their sixth straight game and seventh in their last nine and beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday before a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
So far, they have sought Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, officials said in the state.	So far, authorities have also searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Michigan.
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR 31/32 confirmed, taking his performance to 4.16 percent - another record low - 4.22 percent.	The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> He had confirmed 24/32, bringing its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
On Thursday, a Washington Post argued that it was more likely, contrary to the line of the Wall Street Journal by 50 basis points Federal Reserve.	On Thursday, a Post article argued that it was more likely 50 basis points Federal Reserve.
Mr Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.	Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
Lay had argued that deliver documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.	Lay refused to hand over the papers, claiming his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in the history of Texas had certified a Controller not acting credits.	In a press release on Thursday, Strayhorn said it was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
Excluding charges, analysts on average expected a loss of 11 cents per share.	Analysts polled by Thomson Financial had expected first call see a loss of about 11 cents per share from continuing operations.
Security experts warn that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely through the Internet, sometimes masquerading as email from the founder of Microsoft.	Antivirus providers a new worm has been spreading rapidly through the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an email from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates said Monday.
Mr. Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five nearly simultaneous attacks on Saturday.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who pitched five nearly simultaneous attacks Friday night.
Only New Jersey now prohibits holders of permits or intermediate licenses learning using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.	In addition, the NTSB also recommended that the NHTSA to be enacted state legislation to prohibit permit holders intermediate licenses learning and using mobile phones while driving.
The University of Michigan today published a new admission policy after the Supreme Court struck down in June the manner previously admitted to college students.	The University of Michigan plans to launch a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after their acceptance requirements were rejected by the Supreme Court of the United States in June.
The last recording aired by the Arabic television station Al-Jazeera appears to be an effort to incite attacks week.	An audiotape that aired last week by the Arabic television station al-Jazeera may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
Former chief financial officer Franklyn company M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government investigation.
The company does not detail the costs of replacement and repair.	But company officials expect the costs of replacement jobs to the millions of dollars.
Dean told reporters traveling on tour &quot;Sleepless Summer&quot; 10-city he considered a campaign in Texas a challenge.	Today, Dean ends his four-day tour, 10 cities &quot;Sleepless Summer&quot; in Chicago and New York.
&quot;I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too lose my job,&quot; he said.	Cavender said: &quot;I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too lose my job.&quot;
The device plays Internet radio and comes with a 30 day trial service of RealNetworks Rhapsody music.	He also streams Internet radio and the product comes with a free 30-day trial subscription service for digital music RealNetworks&#39; Rhapsody.
The dollar fell as low as $ 1.1624 per euro from $ 1.1486 on Friday and traded at $ 1.1594 at 10:15 in London.	The dollar fell to $ 1.1564 per euro at 7:30 am in London from $ 1.1486 on Friday.
The US decision provoked a furious reaction from the European Commission, describing the move as &quot;legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful&quot;.	The European Commission, a powerful executive body of the EU, described the move as &quot;legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful&quot;.
The Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the Department has introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors&#39; offices.	The director of the office of medical access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, quit his job after the Department has introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors&#39; offices.
During 2001 and 2002 transfers only four of 40 counts of Beacon Hill Morgenthau said, totaled more than $ 3.2 billion.	Transfers of four of the 40 accounts in Beacon Hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Last year, he made a bid unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination for governor.	He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for governor of Texas, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
largest retailer in the nation has said its top 100 suppliers have to start using electronic key on all platforms of goods by 25 January 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers must have systems for radio frequency identification tracking platforms goods through the supply chain by 25 January 2005.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays of the neck.	Harvey was taken to St. Luke&#39;s Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
During the hearing, Morales expressed &quot;sincere regret and remorse&quot; for his actions.	Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed &quot;sincere regret and remorse&quot; for his crimes.
The law says that a woman undergoes an abortion that could not be processed.	A woman who experienced such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the law.
US District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company have determined that changes in one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.	FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants emissions would increase global pollution, ruled Judge Edmund Sargus United States district on Thursday.
Finder site has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.	Through Sunday, September 21, finder site has been visited more than 65 million times by Internet users.
There are 103 Democrats in the House and 47 Republicans.	Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
Mr Pollard said: &quot;This is a terrible personal tragedy and a terrible blow to the family of James.	Nick Pollard, head of Sky News said: &quot;This is a terrible blow to the family of James.
&quot;Basically I came to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure we are getting more federal money for California,&quot; Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.	&quot;I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and ensure that we are getting more federal money,&quot; Schwarzenegger said after a meeting.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists expected; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 in the past week.	Despite problems in the labor market, the most recent snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists expected.
&quot;They tossed around like feathers,&quot; Gordon said.	The concrete barriers (between lanes) are throwing around like feathers.
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, were tried on Monday, charged with first-degree murder.	Jawaon Chante Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
&quot;It is the only vehicle in which the established economies will be able to compete,&quot; said Barrett.	&quot;It is the only vehicle in which the established economies will be able to compete&quot; with fast-growing economies like China and India, Barrett said.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.	Phipps former aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb both convicted of federal charges, including extortion.
Vivendi shares closed down 3.8 percent at 15.78 euros in Paris.	Vivendi shares rose 0.3 percent to 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux as one of the biggest threats to software sales.	The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, is currently director of the group&#39;s operations in Latin America &amp; Caribbean, will become chief operating officer of the same date.	BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
&quot;Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer,&quot; he said.	The report adds that &quot;spin&quot; and manipulation of public relations &quot;are not the answer,&quot; but that is not avoiding the debate.
Another shooting linked to the spree took place on November 11 at Hamilton Central School in Obetz, about two kilometers from the highway.	The last shooting was linked to a shooting spree in Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two kilometers from Highway 11 November.
On Tuesday left interest rates stable central bank, as expected, but also stated that the overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of the risks of deflation.	Policy Board left rates by the central bank and now widely expected, but surprised markets by declaring that global risks were weighted toward weakness.
The new system costs between $ 1.1 million and $ 22 million, depending on the configuration.	The system is priced at US $ 1.1 million to $ 22.4 million, depending on the configuration.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists to a dozen South Korean activists protest faced by human rights abuses in the North was the main press center.	Trouble erupted when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the press center of Taegu to deal with a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the north.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for over a year.	Dusty had been operated on for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
According to Peter Jacobs of SunnComm, &quot;MediaMax performs exactly as &#39;advertising&#39; companies they bought.	Jacobs &quot;MediaMax performs exactly as&quot; advertising &quot;companies who bought&quot; they said in the statement.
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among the dead.	But the news agency Itar-Tass said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and cost about $ 200, the company said.	Netgear prices WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router will be available in the first quarter of 2004, less than $ 200.
The Commission considers California lost $ 1.34 billion - the most of any state - to tax shelters in 2001.	The Commission estimates that California lost $ 937 million in corporate tax shelters in 2001.
Officials did not say whether US forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the guards at the border with Syria was involved.	US officials did not say whether US forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
VeriSign Site Finder service presented on 15 September.	The battle around VeriSign &#39;s Site Finder service three weeks old continues.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com I, the RIAA withdrew DMCA notice to the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics at Penn State University.	Last Thursday, the RIAA had sent a notice of copyright rigid Penn State Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics.
Druce still detained in prison and is now in isolation, he said.	Druce was held last night in isolation in the same prison.
The first health worker in the country to die of SARS was Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease in North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.	Emile Laroza, 51, had contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicenter of the second outbreak of SARS.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, delivered in June; his deputy was killed in a shootout with Saudi forces recently.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, delivered in June; his deputy was killed in a shootout with Saudi forces recently.
Following the opening statement Freitas, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel suspends judgment until the weekend after Thanksgiving.	King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel then rest the trial until Monday.
Google investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield &amp; Byers and Sequoia Capital, the newspaper said.	Supporters of early stage Google in California include Stanford University and VC firms Sequoia Capital and Kleiner Perkins.
July 1 is the sixth anniversary of the return of Hong Kong to China.	The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of the return of Hong Kong to China on July 1, 1997.
Palm on Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the palm.	Palma said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm Jeff Hawkins Co-founder.
&quot;I will not be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal, but I will not be negative about it.&quot;	&quot;I will not be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal, but I&#39;m not responding to it in a negative way,&quot; he said.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a series of attacks, including three bombings in Mindanao.	The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighboring Malaysia after a wave of attacks in Mindanao, including three fatal attacks, which blamed the MILF.
The company had posted a profit of $ 54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the period a year ago.	That was until the quarter last year, when the company earned $ 54.3 million, or 22 cents per share.
Joining Boston on Monday were the communities of Massachusetts Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.	Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free on Monday.
It was traced to Atlanta, where he was arrested on Tuesday night.	In Atlanta, Georgia, was arrested Monday by police acting on a track.
Israeli soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 small West Bank settlement outposts night as part of a peace plan backed by US Mideast.	Israeli soldiers began tearing down outposts in the West yesterday - Bank Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan of the establishment.
The Union had not yet revealed which chain could be the target.	The Union, said later reveal that chain could be the target.
Get it all, &quot;said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz &amp; Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.	Innocent or not, &quot;she&#39;s damaged goods,&quot; said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz &amp; Associates, a consulting firm in New York National Retail.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pylon Application Server anywhere.	New products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field in Pikes Peak International Raceway.	Scott Dixon finally did win the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
The Turkish authorities have said that all suicides were Turks.	Ankara says all four bombers were Turkish.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents per share.	Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents a share to 25 cents for the quarter.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers pledged to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.	Thousands of revelers celebrating the decision, pledged to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
On Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of kilometers away.	Large fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
Others with such character are Egypt, Israel and Australia.	Nations like Israel and Australia already have such a condition.
The findings appear in Wednesday Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).	The results are published in Wednesday&#39;s issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
In addition, the cradle of the h2210 has room to charge a second battery.	The cradle of the h2200 has room for a second battery recharge.
US forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.	US forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during raids 1,729 patrols and 25 for 24 hours.
One of the 14 Kurds pointing to the word &quot;refugee&quot; in an English / Turkish dictionary.	A man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary noting that the word &quot;refugee&quot;.
&quot;Close cooperation between enforcement agencies of law and lying intelligence services in the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism,&quot; said Mr. Howard.	Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services in the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $ 21.3 billion in sales.	In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $ 81.8 billion.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building of 11, and one of the outer walls of the enclosure had collapsed.	Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11.
They came despite what BA called a &quot;tough neighborhood&quot; which said included unofficial strikes at Heathrow.	BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial strikes at Heathrow, had been difficult.
This autumn instructors northern United States will work with soldiers from four countries of North Africa in patrols and intelligence gathering.	Later this year, the command will send four soldiers coaches with North African nations patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
The Bush administration blames Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight US troops by the wave of bombings and attacks by the guerrillas.	The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight US troops.
It was later learned that he had broken his right thigh bone in his right wrist and elbow.	Doctors tour later confirmed he had broken his right leg near the hip and suffered fractures of the wrist and elbow.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.	Spitz is expected to testify for the defense later.
&quot;The figures are becoming catastrophic,&quot; said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, president of the Association of emergency physicians.	This is unacceptable, &quot;said Patrick Pelloux, president of the Association of emergency physicians France.
&quot;What has happened as a punishment is certainly more than enough,&quot; Covello said the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the room.	&quot;What has happened to you, sir, as a punishment, it is certainly more than enough,&quot; Covello said.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.	The mother also said she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
The two-year note fell 5/32 US2YT = RR in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late Monday.	The 10-year note US10YT = RR reference lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent on Monday.
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its software unit remedial help desk last year BMC Software Inc.	Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $ 355 million.
Yes, from today Flash memory or AMD purchased will be brand Fujitsu Spansion.	Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
Two largest automakers in the world said its US sales fell more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of a backlash from the industry than expected.	Domestic sales at GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined predicted more like a late summer sales frenzy caused a reaction from the larger than expected industry.
A tropical storm developed rapidly in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and was expected to steamrolled somewhere along the coasts of Texas and Louisiana on Monday.	A tropical storm quickly became the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast on Monday.
The pressure can rise well on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.	The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Pataki praised Abraham&#39;s decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable must be kept running permanently.	LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said it meant that the cable could be used &quot;as we please.
Part of the agreement was the implementation of a special health Council would monitor health spending and progress in the reform of the health system.	A key part of the agreement was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in health reform.
Dinas arrived at the UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT &amp; T Bell Labs.	Dinas was UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT &amp; T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
BA shares were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT by, to a low of 164p, in a total market slightly stronger London.	BA shares fell 3% to 165-1 / 4 pence by 0933 GMT, to a low of 164 pence in a stronger market.
The Senate on Tuesday agreed to lift a ban of 10 years in research and development of nuclear weapons underperforming.	The accounts of the House and Senate would end the ban on research and development of nuclear weapons underperforming.
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid of the spinal cord and the tissue around the brain.	Meningitis is an infection of the fluid around the brain and spinal cord of a person.
Companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together make 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which normally would have been sufficient to meet US demand.	Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together make about 80 million doses usually sufficient for US demand, reported The Associated Press.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first explosion occurred.	The missing workers, two men and a woman were inside the building when the first explosion occurred, said Mayor Joe T. Parker.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: &quot;We condemn this attack, which is illegal and unjustifiable our moral and political judgment.&quot;	NCRI official Ali Safavi London &quot;We condemn this attack which is our illegal trial and morally and politically unjustifiable&quot; he told Reuters by telephone.
The researchers found a bone fragment 4 inches below the concrete slab on Thursday but turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.	The researchers found a bone fragment 4 inches Thursday night, but officials said it was an animal.
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.	The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr. Dean several weeks ago.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.	The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but was unhurt.
Some 95 million Americans - half of households - invertiren in mutual funds.	About half of all US households have money in mutual funds.
Halabi military prosecutor, Air Force Commander James Key, denied the charges, which could carry the death penalty.	The lawyer representing al-Halabi, Air Force Commander James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: &quot;I destroyed my family.	In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, its employees and their families.
Since early May, the city has received reports 1,400 dead magpies and ravens, Jayroe said.	Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports said.
But the forest, freedom organization for the right to enjoy snuff, said: &#39;&#39; He mentioned the prohibition of speech and everyone knows what happened there.	Forest, freedom organization for the right to enjoy snuff, said he had received call from The Lancet with &quot;amusement and disbelief. &#39;&quot;
The House passed a bill prescribing drugs in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.	The House has passed bills last two congresses, but the Senate has not.
Once converted, BayStar will own a total of approximately 2.95 million common shares of SCO or 17.5 percent of shares in the company.	The investment gives BayStar Larkspur, California more than 2.9 million common shares of SCO, or 17.5 percent of shares in the company.
The elderly and people with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.	But for the elderly and people with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to help supply cut following the sign to allow the return of Iraqi oil.	OPEC this week is pressure independent exporters cuts source close poster, to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports of lower oil prices.
The company Winston-Salem, North Carolina opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.	Six new Krispy Kreme stores that were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
MS Lafferty attorney, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: &quot;My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of success with frozen impregnations.	&quot;My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of impregnations success with frozen,&quot; Ezzell said.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) today asked Congress for additional authority to fight against unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for nearly half of all email traffic.	The Federal Trade Commission yesterday asked Congress for broader powers to attack the growing problem of spam, new studies show accounts half of all email traffic.
A federal grand jury indicted Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.	Federal officials said the document was closed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five western states.
Those who oppose these actions throughout are now trying to find new reasons to say that this was not the right thing to do. &quot;	What happens here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find new reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an enclave of exclusive summer resort east of the city of New York.	Klarman was arrested by FBI agents on Monday at his home in New York.
The bishop thought police hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a stone in your vehicle she said.	Bishop O&#39;Brien, 67, had told police he thought he hit a dog or a cat.
The report also states that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year to again croaker 2.5 million in 2002.	Gartner said there will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002.
Richard Miller was hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but has recovered his wife.	Richard Miller, 57, survived a liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
Sequent representatives can not be reached immediately for comment on the announcement of SCO.	A SCO spokesman could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
The percentage of people covered by employers fell from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.	The proportion of Americans with insurance employers who declined to 61.3 percent from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
WORLD No 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Professional Tennis Players of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to believe denied a drug test.	World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers longstanding malice, including an attempt last year to believe denied a drug test.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 pm GMT on Wednesday http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.	Software MSN Messenger 6 will be available from 11 am PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
Families trapped on the highway remained in their cars and use their cell phones to call home.	Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars and use their cell phones only in emergencies.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately. &quot;	&quot;I have to thank I behaved inappropriately,&quot; he said.
A promotional, full poster with dial countdown, reminds readers of the upcoming release of &quot;Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix&quot;.	The boxes are filled with hardcover copies of &quot;Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix&quot;.
A spokesman said: &quot;Since November, we have cooperated fully with the police.	He added he had &quot;cooperated fully&quot; with the police since November.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in children, researchers believe Melbourne.	Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger for type 1 diabetes in children, their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
The Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index amplio.SPX inch 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.	The Nasdaq composite, cordones.IXIC technology index lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
People who once your blood pressure was fine actually can be well on your way to hypertension under new US guidelines published on Wednesday.	People who once your blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new US guidelines published on Wednesday.
&quot;More testing is still underway, but at this stage, given the early detection, prognosis in these cases would be positive,&quot; said the specialist yesterday.	&quot;But at this stage, given the early detection, prognosis in these cases would be positive,&quot; he said.
Amazon also reported that the Office of New York had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers to be determined.	Amazon and the New York Attorney have already established with one of the shapers of the alleged e-mail.
The nod was forceful lead actress Marissa Jaret Winokur as rookie daughter Edna Tracy.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won best actress in a musical.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.	In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was 3.29 points or 0.04 percent to 8,585.97.
Throughout the season, the average error five days predicted path was 259 km, Franklin said.	&quot;The average track error for five days (forecast) is 323 nautical miles.
rich media doubled their share, up from 3% in 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003 Q2.	Interactive advertising formats Rich Media doubled their share of 3% in the second quarter of 2002, 6% in the second quarter of 2003.
&quot;It appears from our initial report was a textbook landing considering the circumstances,&quot; Burke said.	Mr. Burke said, &quot;it was a textbook landing, considering the circumstances.&quot;
Allegiant shares rose $ 4 or $ 17.2 percent, to $ 27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Allegiant shares closed Wednesday at $ 23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq Market.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.	By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
The ADR fell 10 cents to $ 28.95 at 10:06 on the New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.	The shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., entertainment arm and American media of News Corp. fell 45 cents to $ 26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
It will take time to expel the remnants of the deposed regime of Saddam in Iraq, said Tuesday Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld.	Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate the remnants of the ousted regime of Saddam in Iraq.
oranges shares jumped to 15 percent.	France Telecom shares fell 3.6%, while Orange rose 13 percent.
Bremer said it was an initiative to launch a program of $ 70 million nationwide in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a program of $ 70 million in the next two weeks to clean neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
A search for three missing teenagers found at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.	Authorities conducted an autopsy on Thursday in one of the three bodies recovered beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house Northwest Indiana.
Sayliyah was the basis for the Iraq war command, but the Central Government sent hundreds who led the war home in Tampa, Florida.	As Sayliyah the basis for the Iraq war command, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
Telecommunications gear maker beleaguered Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of bribery laws of the United States in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are investigating the telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of bribery laws of the United States in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
SCO says that the terms of a license price will not be announced for weeks.	Pricing details will be announced in the coming weeks, McBride said.
The Nasdaq Composite Index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.	The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were released.	The British Foreign Office said it had brokered the release of the two men.
Wal-Mart estimates that over 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.	138 million shoppers each week visit Wal-Mart&#39;s 4,750 stores.
Sources within the racing industry have said the daily bulletin that Fontana will get a second career NASCAR Labor Day weekend after next season.	Industry sources race, he said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend after next season.
Mr Prodi added: &quot;perhaps, but old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weaknesses.&quot;	&quot;Perhaps, but old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world.
&quot;I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him,&quot; Kerry said.	&quot;Marché in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War,&quot; he said.
Said Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine copyright and US patent law.	In his letter, McBride accuses the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat of trying to undermine copyright laws of the United States.
Corixa shares were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $ 7.91 on Nasdaq.	In the morning operations on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa rose 74 cents, or 10%, to $ 7.94.
Police then called it a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before the arrival of bomb technicians.	While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian intelligence security and Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the stay of El Shukrijumah in Canada.	The FBI, CIA, Canadian intelligence security and real Canadian Mounted Police refused to comment on the report in the Washington Times.
&quot;This has been a persistent problem that has not been resolved,&quot; said Council member Steven Wallace research.	&quot;This was a persistent problem that has not been resolved, mechanically and physically,&quot; said Steven Wallace board member.
Jones.DJI Dow industrial average ended 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, to 8,588.36, its highest level since 17 January.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($ DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7%, to 8,588.
&quot;Americans do not cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through,&quot; he said.	She also promised to bring peace to Iraq: &quot;Americans not cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through&quot;.
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not significant.	At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but was not considered significant.
&quot;There is no doubt about the chemical program, a biological program, made nuclear program, in fact all that was documented by the United Nations,&quot; he said.	He added: &quot;There is no doubt about the program of chemical, biological and indeed program the nuclear weapons program.
&quot;It seems like all the issues that we support, do not,&quot; said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.	&quot;It seems like all the issues that we support he does not,&quot; said Gabriela Lemus, director of policy and legislation League.
&quot;City-grown pollution and ozone in particular, is more difficult in the trees of the country,&quot; says ecologist at Cornell University Jillian Gregg.	&quot;I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it&#39;s true: city-grown pollution - and ozone in particular - is more difficult in the trees of the country,&quot; American ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
Ridge said there was no actual explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.	Ridge said there was no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after being expelled from the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible every day.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after being expelled from the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
This is America, my friends, and it did not happen here, &quot;he said to loud applause.	This is America, my friends, and it did not happen here.
Mahendradatta Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not fact, he told Reuters.	Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of the law, he added.
Schofield has Toepfer to admit in his interrogation that ignored many suggestions O&#39;Donnell and projects.	But under questioning by O&#39;Donnell&#39;s lawyer, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer admitted he had ignored many suggestions O&#39;Donnell and projects.
The index Standard &amp; Poor 500 fell 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.	The Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index shed 0.17 amplio.SPX a point, or just 0.02 percent to 934.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, flying off a cliff 60 feet and walked about six kilometers down the canyon.	He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, flying off a cliff 60 feet and walked about six kilometers in the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeast Utah.
Amnesty International said that in the last 20 years has collected information on 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.	Amnesty International said that in the last 20 years had collected information on 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 percent to 9,547.43 while the S &amp; P 500 was 0.8 percent weaker at 1,025.79.	The Dow Jones industrial average &lt;.DJI&gt; fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
Texas Instruments rose $ 1.37 to $ 19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. had advanced $ 1.76 to $ 36.31.	Texas Instruments rose $ US1.37 to $ US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $ US1.76 to $ US36.31, each raised to &quot;overweight&quot; at Lehman.
He invited withdraw from the cabinet session last week to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.	She took the unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
&quot;We hope that all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue,&quot; the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.	The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, said: &quot;We hope that all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue.&quot;
School officials said van Vliet reported the accident using radio on the bus.	Van Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the radio the school bus.
In a mixture of pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.	In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies people again tried to erase the misfortunes believe the poor have remained long the food.
Jones.DJI Dow industrial average edged 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.	The Dow Jones industrial average &lt;.DJI&gt; was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, to 9,175.47.
Monkeypox usually only found in Central and West Africa.	Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, are not native to Wisconsin.
Chancellor Robert Bennett board declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
In that case, the Court held that Cincinnati had violated the first amendment to ban advertising brochures only for the sake of aesthetics.	In that case, the Court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment by prohibiting, for the sake of aesthetics, only advertising brochures.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which is wrapped in November with The Matrix Revolutions.	&quot;Reloaded&quot; is the second installment of a trilogy; &quot;The Matrix Revolutions&quot; is scheduled to debut in November.
In addition, the Justice Department said the FBI has conducted research &#39;&#39; less than 10 &#39;&#39; with visits to mosques.	In addition, the FBI offices &quot;less than 10&quot; have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco this week.	The news also comes in conjunction with annual soles JavaOne Developers Conference in San Francisco.
A royal guard is based on her experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters supposedly to and from it.	The royal family was preparing for any more revelations in a real duty, based on the time of the ancient servants with Diana, Princess of Wales.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeting Hamas militants.	The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, leader of the militant group in Hebron.
His former boss Mickey Robinson was fired because when he left in September, the company said.	Executive Director Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.	The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including a doctor and two nurses.
New online music service Apple Computer sold more than 1 million songs in its first week of operation, the company said Monday.	Apple Computer Inc. said Monday that exceeded the expectations of the music industry for selling more than 1 million songs since launching its online music store a week ago.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and banned the complex - home to his mother and two children.	He had been arrested twice before trespassing and banned from the complex.
President and CEO Larry Ellison of Oracle Corp do not rule out an unsolicited bid to acquire the company for rival PeopleSoft Inc. Sweetening	Oracle President Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could again increase its offer rival PeopleSoft.
Knives were used as a weapon by the hijackers of September 11, 2001 and have since been banned as hand luggage.	Knives were the weapons used by hijackers in the attacks of September 11, 2001, 19.
The Portuguese weather service said heatwave in Europe was caused by a mass of hot, dry air, moving from the southeast.	The heat wave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal weather service.
&quot;Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as useless as is disgusting&quot;, announced at a press conference yesterday.	&quot;Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as useless as is disgusting,&quot; Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
Still, the &quot;somewhat ambiguous statement&quot; could be a setback for Static Control depending on how your competitor&#39;s product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said developed.	But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said &quot;somewhat ambiguous statement&quot; by regulators could be a setback for Static Control depending on how your competitor&#39;s product was developed.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.	Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
On July 22, Moore announced that he will appeal the case directly to the Supreme Court of the United States.	Moore of Alabama says it will appeal his case to the Supreme Court of the nation.
The monkeys could track their progress to see a schematic representation of the arms and their movements on a video screen.	The arm was locked in a separate room, but monkeys can track your progress to see a representation of the arms and their movements on a video screen.
That triggered a confrontation police 47 hours inconvenienced thousands of travelers as backup traffic in downtown Washington and Northern Virginia.	Their protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and Northern Virginia.
The Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index advanced 6.48 had, or 0.7 percent, to 990.51.	The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 rose 6.48 Index.SPX points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
Ministers of agriculture of more than one hundred countries are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture.	US Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman of the three days starts Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
According to security sources, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens London puts its strength at its highest state of alert last week after the warning.	The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, put its strength at full alert last week.
Complicating the situation is the presence of the tanning Liberians in battle who have been fighting on both sides.	Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of Liberians hardened on both sides.
This year the Audubon Society hosts once again its annual Christmas bird count.	Now it&#39;s annual count of the National Audubon Society Christmas bird in its season 104.
Before being removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.	Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Southwest said its traffic was 4.6 percent in the quarter and ended the quarter with $ 2.2 billion in cash.	Southwest said its traffic was 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects the body against cell damage and improves blood flow.	His belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
They also found difficulty was associated with a family history of hearing loss.	Difficulty was found twice as often in people with hearing loss.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.	Cisco executives were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and net income increased, but remained &#39;&#39; cautiously optimistic &#39;&#39; he said of a rebound.
In an email statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, &#39;&#39; I will not give any consideration to the resignation.	I&#39;m not giving any consideration to the resignation, &quot;Shumaker said in a statement.
A survey showed that the FBI bother the mayor had given a boost to his re-election effort against the opposition Republican Sam Katz.	A poll released this week showed that the FBI bother the mayor has given a boost to his re-election bid.
Bulger&#39;s brother-list &#39;&#39; 10 Most Wanted &#39;&#39; agency, wanted in connection with 21 murders.	Bulger&#39;s brother, a former FBI informant, is now in the enforcement of the &quot;10 Most Wanted&quot; list agency.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.	The passenger injured John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
Doctors had planned to deliver two weeks before, on or around November 14.	Originally it had concocted a Caesarean section in mid-November, two weeks earlier.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting users to open attachments in emails containing such familiar titles as &quot;Thank you !,&quot; &quot;Re: details&quot; or &quot;Re:. That movie&quot;	The virus spreads when unsuspecting users to open attachments in emails that contain familiar titles like &quot;Thank you!&quot; and &quot;Re: details&quot;.
The Nasdaq composite, cordones.IXIC technology index rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.	The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index &lt;.SPX&gt; gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
The founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.	Founding members of CELF are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony and Toshiba.
Is in the food supply? &quot;Says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.	&quot;It&#39;s not zero,&quot; said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
During a bout yelling in 1999, Carolyn told John he still slept with Bergin.	She, in turn, occasionally told John that still slept with a former boyfriend, piece of &quot;Baywatch&quot; Michael Bergin.
On the other hand, if this will help establish Steve&#39;s innocence, we welcome it. &quot;	If clearing ponds in Maryland will help further establish Steve&#39;s innocence, we welcome it. &quot;
Florida Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.	On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
Fletcher said he hopes to have the support of legislators from agricultural states, many of which are on the Committee.	He said he also hopes to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003: four versions of Windows operating systems are addressed.	The new worm affects these systems Windows: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
Seven cadets 20 - and 21 years old were fined by police for drinking in a hotel room off-campus early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18 years.	Seven male cadets 20 - and 21 years old were caught in a hotel room off-campus early Saturday with two female teenagers, 16 and 18 years.
Shares of McDonald Corp. and Wendy&#39;s International Inc. continued a modest career on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday.	Shares of McDonald&#39;s and Wendy continued their recent rally on Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the stock exchange in New York in afternoon trading.
This step could put the issue before the Security Council of the UN.	The matter could be sent to the Security Council of the UN.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was scheduled for yesterday late at night.	He and other lawyers planned to stay until the river begins receding.
Camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events throughout the year, according to its Web site.	Saint Sophia camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events throughout the year, according to its Web site.
Dealers said the downward momentum of the single currency against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $ 1.15.	Dealers said the euro downward momentum may pick up speed should break below $ 1.15.
Gemstar shares picked up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $ 5.49 at the close.	Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing 2.6 percent to $ 5.49 on Nasdaq.
&quot;The European Union is basically absent,&quot; said Tito Barbini, regional minister of agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.	Tito Barbini, a regional minister of agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Along with Intel microprocessors, companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.	Along with the chip maker Intel, these companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, Albertsons and Safeway Inc. jointly negotiating with its union workers and blocked the next day.	In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, Albertsons Inc. and its workers blocked the next morning.
According to the US Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent census figures April 2000.	Increased 9.8per cent of the census figures April 2000, despite less favorable social and economic conditions Hispanic population in the 1990s.
Its shares jumped to $ 54.50 pre free trade from $ 50.90 at Wednesday&#39;s close.	Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trade, rising to $ 18.26 from $ 17.05 late Tuesday.
He playfully chided &quot;little bitty tax relief plan.&quot; Senate	We do not need a plan bitty tax relief.
You are looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?	Trick latest Harry Potter wizard?
MediaQ customers include leading manufacturers of hand Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.	NVIDIA will take advantage of MediaQ customers including such players as Siemens AG Mitsubishi, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony Corp.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.	Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that do yet.
The Dow Jones industrial average &lt;.DJI&gt; was 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, to 9,137.86.	Dow industrial average fell 79.43 Jones.DJI points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
&quot;A little was embarrassing the way we played in the first two games,&quot; Thomas said.	&quot;We are in the final of the Stanley Cup, and was a bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games.
Broadway comedies as &quot;The Seven Year Itch&quot; (1952), &quot;Will Success spoil Rock Hunter?&quot;	¿Playwright George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will success spoil Rock Hunter?
His lawyer, Pamela Mackey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.	&quot;Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated,&quot; Mackey said in a statement.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.	Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best gain since Oct. 1, when he won 22,25.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be removed from the Somerset County Jail on Thursday and taken to hospital on the outskirts of Trenton Ann Klein Forensic psychiatric care.	Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from prison Somerset County in Somerville to Anne Klein Forensic Center, psychiatric treatment center 150 beds in Trenton.
Stardust scientists believed that trapped thousands of dust particles.	Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming Wild 2.
Nine seconds later, he broke the sound barrier and continued its steep climb driven.	SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier nine seconds later, the company said.
The Committee&#39;s report independent expert intends to dispel any suspicion about the government&#39;s handling of Hong Kong from the SARS crisis.	It has published a long-awaited report on the government&#39;s handling of Hong Kong SARS outbreak.
The aircraft was estimated at about 100 kilos of its maximum takeoff weight.	US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed on January 8, was tried in 100 kilos of its maximum takeoff weight.
Both devices implement eSCO v1.2 standard facilities to provide the basis for new applications of wireless telephony.	BlueCore3 also implements v1.2 eSCO facilities to provide the basis for advanced wireless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
Michael Bloomberg, mayor of New York: &quot;I will try to March with a number of different groups.	&quot;I will try to go with a number of different groups,&quot; Bloomberg said.
The attack appeared similar to other organized around foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.	The attack appeared similar to the organized attacks near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have blamed al-Qaida also.
The fall in wholesale prices in April based reflects the falling prices of cars, trucks, men&#39;s and children&#39;s clothes and cigarettes.	That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and came from the drop in prices for cars, trucks, men and children clothes and cigarettes.
Gainer aides said two staff members are &quot;very sorry this all happened,&quot; and the security personnel had performed &quot;within&quot; standards.	Security personnel held &#39;&#39; within the rules &#39;&#39; and assistants of two staff members were &#39;&#39; We regret this happened, &#39;&#39; Gainer said.
&quot;We have put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later we should have and we are only now reaching an incredible speed.	&quot;We have put a lot of effort and energy to improve our Patching progress, probably later we should have.
International rescuers are flattened rubble searching for survivors in shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam Iran after a massive earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.	International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed yesterday ancient Silk Road city of Bam in Iran.
Griffith a Mount Airy native, now living on the coast of North Carolina in Manteo.	Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
He also said that the Academy will have its own internal report detailing the seriousness of the problem remaining next week.	The Academy will have its own internal report next week and made public, Rosa said.
The child also spray the room full of retardant fire extinguishers, which makes it difficult to see, the chief said.	The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, so it is difficult to see, the chief said.
The Conference Board reported its index of US consumer confidence slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.	The index of consumer confidence fell 83.5 in June, slightly revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
&quot;I noticed a mood change in their priorities,&quot; said a politician.	&quot;I noticed a mood change in their priorities,&quot; said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
But not hormone replacement therapy should be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.	&quot;The clear message is that it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease,&quot; Manson said.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident is believed to have steel plates placed on the hips, it would be impossible for a natural childbirth.	Mrs. McCartney former model lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and it is understood that the steel plates placed on the hips that make it difficult natural childbirth.
The network is also lowering its edition &quot;Dateline&quot; Friday night.	The network will drop an edition of &quot;Dateline,&quot; its news franchise.
Meat, poultry, butter, cheese and walnuts were seized a year ago in a cold storage warehouse Lagrou in Chicago.	Meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored for more than 100 traders in Chicago.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC 16-bit stereo audio.	BlueCore3-Multimedia containing an open platform DSP coprocessor and also includes a stereo 16-bit dual ADC and DAC for audio stereo audio codec.
Vice President Dick Cheney and the Republican candidate for Governor of Mississippi Haley Barbour acknowledge the crowd cheered.	Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor for his government and smart companies.
The nurse worked 51 years at North York General Hospital, epicenter of the latest outbreak.	Emile Laroza, 51, had contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicenter of the second outbreak of SARS.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three outings.	Redman has allowed two earned runs or fewer in six of his nine starts.
Mr. Turner had transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable fund before they were sold.	Sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares of AOL.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive goods fraudulently obtained had ordered for himself.	He also recruited others to take delivery of the goods fraudulently obtained had ordered.
The Gartner report said the global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, an increase of 120 percent from 8.9 million units 2001.	Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared to 8.9 million units in 2001.
New York Mets outfielder Lastings Milledge then selected Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.	The Mets took Lastings Milledge, a gardener in Florida, with the selection of 12.
Now with the Agency lasts three shuttles grounded following the Columbia disaster, the wait could be even more.	With the remaining three shuttles grounded after the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant former secretaries of state William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was roving ambassador for the fight against terrorism from 1986 to 1989.	Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
Roy Moore, the suspended judge of the Supreme Court of Alabama, were charged but unrepentant Wednesday in recently chaired the same room.	Moore, the suspended judge of the Supreme Court of Alabama, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average rose 164 average.DJI points, or 1.91 percent, to 8765.38, brushing its highest level since mid-January.	The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average tacked on 97 average.DJI points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
An arrest warrant said Bryant attacked the woman on June 30 at a hotel.	According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
Florida Senator Bob Graham was unidentifiable by 61 percent of respondents.	Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of respondents; Dean at 57 percent.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 rose 3.47 Index.SPX points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.	The Nasdaq Composite Index, loaded with tecnología.IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.	Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest in the history of the US Open.
Those discussions had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to a spokeswoman for Oracle.	Those talks have not taken place, according to a spokeswoman for Oracle.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday gathered around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.	Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
Ralphs chain Albertsons and Kroger outside their workers in response.	Ralphs and Albertsons chain Kroger grocery workers immediately locked her in a show of solidarity.
Taiwan has tried to gain affiliates observer status at the United Nations for seven years, but again was rejected on March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.	It has sought observer status for seven years, but was rejected again on May 19 at the annual conference of the WHO in Geneva.
The technology filled Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; fell 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for a week at 1912.36 37.78 stumble after yesterday.
SCO shares closed at $ 10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	IBM shares closed down $ 1.75, or 2.11 percent, to $ 84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the Health Department said Friday.	The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health authorities on 8 September.
National Breast Cancer Centre Executive Director Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk for women.	Head of center national breast cancer Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need to panic.
Brendsel and CFO Vaughn Clarke resigned on June 9.	He resigned as chief financial officer and retired company executive.
In health care, the NDP says that there will be no privatization and no health premiums.	The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to the privatization of health and no premiums.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was &quot;not sure about the outcome of the discussion at this time.&quot;	However, we are not sure about the outcome of the discussion at this time.
The House voted 425-2 to delete the account, the first of 13 that Congress must approve each year to fund the federal government.	The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must approve each year to fund the federal government.
Knight agreed to a $ 2.38 million two years, including a bonus of $ 300,000.	ESPN reported that the two-year contract worth $ 2.38 Knight million, including a bonus of $ 300,000.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92 / 6.04 yen against late New York level of 136.03 / 14.	The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
The procedure is usually performed in the second or third trimester.	The technique is used during the second and sometimes third trimester of pregnancy.
The new companies will start operations today in Nasdaq under the symbol PLMO and PSRC.	Also as part of the deal, PalmSource shares begin trading Wednesday on the NASDAQ under the symbol PSRC.
Children, adults, booksellers and postmen prepare for &quot;Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix&quot;.	The boxes are filled with hardcover copies of &quot;Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix&quot;.
In addition to Hampton and Newport News, grant funding water test in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.	The grant also funds tests beach in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $ 21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Halliburton fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $ 21.76 a share in afternoon trade New York Stock Exchange.
He said the attackers left leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton finish working at the hotel and demanding US forces leave Iraq.	He said the assailants left fliers urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
With diplomacy heating in the nuclear crisis in nearly 10 months old, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is scheduled to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.	With diplomacy heating crisis in nearly 10 months old, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at the annual conference of PeopleSoft customer at the Anaheim Convention Center.	On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wags, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attended the annual conference of PeopleSoft customers.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are tilted toward economic weakness.	The Fed also said that risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
&quot;There is a real possibility of a secondary collapse,&quot; said Governor Jim McGreevey.	The damaged area of ​​the garage was not stable, &#39;&#39; the true potential of a secondary collapse, &#39;&#39; McGreevey said.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said &quot;no&quot; to the tax, with 97 percent of votes counted.	With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
The government did not identify the taikonauts - a term coined from &#39;&#39; taikong &#39;&#39; the Chinese word for space - would travel on the second mission.	The government did not identify the taikonauts, a term coined by taikong, the Chinese word for space.
No. 2 HP saw sales of Unix servers fell 3.6% to $ 1.36 billion.	HP fell to second place with sales of servers grew 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion.
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected for a second year today and deliver the presidential address.	Later Tuesday, Graham had to be re-elected for a second term of one year.
&quot;These changes can affect a large number of existing Web pages,&quot; continued the statement.	Still, changes to IE &quot;may affect a large number of existing Web pages,&quot; according to the notice of the W3C.
&quot;People obviously inconvenient,&quot; said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario Commissioner of Public Safety.	&quot;We are being hyper-vigilant,&quot; said Dr. James Young, Ontario Commissioner of Public Safety.
The others were given copies of &quot;Dr. Atkins&#39; New Diet Revolution&quot; and said to follow him.	The researchers gave copies of &quot;Dr. Atkins&#39; New Diet Revolution&quot; cutters carbohydrate.
Barbini said the Union could reach an agreement with the United States but wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.	Barbini said the EU can reach an agreement but wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
Then the fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed.	The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed as deputies retained firefighters.
Rapper&#39;s lawyer, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.	Attorney rapper 27 years old in civil, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
Sources say officers seized &quot;several&quot; documents he was carrying.	They confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated.
Also it is weighing on the market was news General Motors GM.N plans to issue $ 10 billion in debt, partly to plug a hole in its pension plan.	Also wounded was General Motors GM.N news should issue $ 10 billion in debt, partly to plug a hole in its pension plan.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the sheriff&#39;s Mohave County.	The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff&#39;s office.
&quot;I advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my advice,&quot; Silver said.	I advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley, &#39;&#39; said the statement of silver.
I think he made the case well and did the right thing. &quot;	Mr. Blair continued, &quot;I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
Russin no comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.	His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $ 107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million.
Hispanics, ethnicity fastest growing in the United States, have passed blacks to become the largest minority in the United States, according to newly released government figures.	Hispanics have surpassed blacks as officially the largest US minority group, according to a report released by the Census Bureau.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was sincere.	&quot;I do not have many options,&quot; said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.	The plant employs 1,000 people when fully built, the company said.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another hearing for compliance with antitrust settlement for January.	The judge had scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
Biotechnology index American Stock Exchange.BTK increased 5 percent.	Index of the stock exchange semiconductor.SOXX Philadelphia jumped 6.10 percent.
&quot;Tomorrow at the Inn of the mission, have the opportunity to congratulate the elected governor of the great state of California.	I have the opportunity to congratulate the elected governor of the great state of California, and I am looking forward.
&quot;I liked and I still do,&quot; Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.	And I liked, and I still do.
During the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced lines for ADSL services increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased 75 percent.	During the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	It will appear in the coming weeks on the website of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
&quot;I hope Japan to continue to carry out the intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply,&quot; said Junya Tanase, currency strategist at JP Morgan Chase.	Junya Tanase, currency strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said &quot;I hope Japan to continue to carry out the intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply&quot;.
The sun Group LTD represented developers, related companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, in the deal.	Developers expect the Related Cos and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, sales top $ 1 trillion.
King of Kent State Commissioner of Education said Wednesday that the test scores of the Missouri Assessment Program was disappointed.	Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the results.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit cards, duplicating machines during a search of Ragin address.	When the direction of Ragin was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
Lowe&#39;s, with almost as many stores reported an increase of 33 percent after third-quarter profit jumped 12 percent in same-store sales.	Home Depot reported a 22 percent increase in third-quarter profit after rising nearly 8 percent in same-store sales.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software from the original OCS and changed its name to SCO Group.	SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to SCO Group.
Two convicted murderers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Department of Corrections said.	A convicted murderer and two other inmates cut through two fences with barbed wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
&quot;It&#39;s almost a third of what I have in the world,&quot; he told reporters.	It does not come to me, but it is only a third of what I have in the world.
The officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed, and Reyna fell to one knee in the back, according to testimony.	That&#39;s when the officers knocked down and handcuffed, according to testimony.
Shares of Altria Group Performance was better Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $ 42.31 a share.	Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $ 41.81.
Officials are trying to recover the bodies of water, &quot;the police officer JD Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.	Police Officer JD Tambe &quot;officials are trying to recover the bodies of water, he told Reuters.
According to market research from NPD Group, the number of people downloading music fell from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.	The number of households acquiring music dropped from a peak of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
This is an easy case in my opinion and completely without merit, both factually and legally.	&quot;This case is totally without merit, both factually and legally,&quot; Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
The Nasdaq composite index laces tech won 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.	At 12:10 pm EDT, Composite Index S &amp; P / TSX Canadian benchmark rose 6.87 points or 0.1 percent to 6,979.29.
The weather service reported sustained winds of almost 105 kilometers per hour with higher gusts.	Maximum sustained winds were about 40 mph, with higher gusts.
WiFi urinals were to be unveiled this summer at music festivals in Britain.	The first dirty world portal was launched in early summer festivals in Britain.
The 10-year Treasury note yield reference <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.	Prices of Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on 10-year benchmark note fell to 4.19 percent.
Men who drink tea, particularly green can reduce your risk of prostate cancer, WA study has found.	Drinking green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of getting prostate cancer than men, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
It was so Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of &quot;Frankie and Johnny&quot;.	Edie Falco was not nominated for &quot;Frankie and Johnny&quot;.
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.	Hickenlooper battered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the second round on Tuesday.
Forecasters said warnings could rise to Cuba later Thursday.	Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
Shi&#39;ites make up 20 percent of the country&#39;s population.	Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan&#39;s population, Shiites 20 percent.
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called excessive when a typical union employee makes about $ 27,000 a year.	Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the package of executive compensation in excess when a typical union employee makes about $ 27,000 annually.
The consumer group generated $ 4.47 billion profit and $ 20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of revenues and earnings from Citigroup.	It generated $ 4.47 billion profit and $ 20 billion in revenue in first half year 53 percent of total Citigroup.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, New Jersey Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie has advertising but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.	GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, New Jersey &gt;&gt; Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
&quot;Saddam is gone, but we (US) occupation to end,&quot; said resident Abu Qasim coup.	Saddam is gone, but we want the occupation (United States) to finish.
Young has 28 days to file a response and request a hearing of the NASD.	Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young may file a response and request a hearing before a panel of NASD.
Racing New York to London British Airways will end in October.	British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes in late October.
The new policy gives greater weight to grades, exams and high school student.	academic achievement, including notes, scores and secondary education, are given the highest priority.
The new version, W32 / Sobig.C-mm, had already achieved a status of an outbreak of &quot;high level&quot; for Monday, according to security analysts.	Security analysts said the new version, W32 / Sobig.C-mm, had already reached outbreak status &quot;high level&quot; mid-afternoon on Monday.
The only other person who had not taken into account for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.	Another person, a man in Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
Low lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from the rally Monday despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.	Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against a pressing need for cash in the profits of the demonstration on Monday.
From the beginning, however, the United States declared goal was not only to overthrow Saddam but stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.	But it was the target of the United States not only to overthrow Mr. Hussein but stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index &lt;.SPX&gt; gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, to 986.60.	The Nasdaq composite index, technology cordones.IXIC declined 16.68 points or 1.01 percent to 1,636.94.
The AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88 24.12%.	AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a huge 75 percent.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34 / 39, not far from its record low of 55.75.	The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but recovered to trade at 55.25 / 29, little changed from Friday.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as a base staged by the terrorist group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.	While some other parts of Africa have been used as the basis staging of Al Qaeda, Malawi had not previously been a major focus of research on the group.
On Sunday, a US soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions depot exploded.	On Sunday, a US soldier was killed and another wounded when it exploded ammunition dump guarding in southern Iraq.
&quot;I am excited to be a gentleman of Cleveland,&quot; James said.	&quot;I am very excited to go to Cleveland,&quot; James told ESPN.com.
According to authorities, the detainee was a sophisticated hacker known.	According to police authorities, the individual decrypts passwords on the server.
Excluding litigation expenses, loss of RIM fell even further to 1 cent per share.	Excluding patent litigation, RIM loss for the quarter was $ 700,000, or 1 cent per share.
The Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index gained 19.72 amplio.SPX points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.	Dow industrial average jumped 2.09 percent Jones.DJI, while the index Standard &amp; pobres.SPX 500 jumped 2.23 percent.
It also helps the police reform Solomon Islands, strengthen the system of courts and prisons and protect key institutions such as the Ministry of Finance of intimidation.	The intervention force confiscate weapons, police reform, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Ministry of Finance.
Mr. Alibek said: &quot;Our results are very encouraging.	&quot;Our results are very encouraging,&quot; said researcher George Mason Ken Alibek.
Selenski descended the wall and used the mattress to climb over barbed wire.	Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot wire, Fischi said.
A jury convicted the rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller of second-degree murder Tuesday in the shooting death of a 16 year old girl in a nightclub in Jefferson Parish.	Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries a sentence of automatic life, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a nightclub in Jefferson Parish.
Joe Kernan, who was lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O&#39;Bannon died Saturday.	Kernan, who was lieutenant governor O&#39;Bannon, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O&#39;Bannon died Saturday.
Wells&#39; other series include NBC&#39;s ER and Third Watch.	Wells&#39; other series include NBC&#39;s &quot;ER&quot; and &quot;Third Watch.&quot;
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday night, said Daniel Bogden, Nevada attorney general.	Thirty-four men have been arrested and others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
Advanced Micro Devices, said Fujitsu Siemens Computers offers a workstation High-end based on AMD Opteron 200 series.	Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday met the promise of a workstation based on the Opteron processor from Advanced Micro Devices.
Five times Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.	Five times Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting of surviving cancer.
He is survived by his four children as - sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers - and four grandchildren.	Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
On Monday night police using pepper spray arrested 12 people in a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the intelligence unit of law enforcement.	Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a march and rally downtown last night by activists protesting an annual training seminar in police intelligence.
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.	The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
The Department ordered a reduction of 18.2 percent of Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent State Farm Lloyds.	The Department ordered a reduction of 12 percent for State Farm Lloyds, the state&#39;s largest insurer and a reduction of 18.2 percent of Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents a share to 25 cents for the quarter.	Analysts polled by Thomson First Call had Kodak to earn 68 cents per share for the quarter.
Colgate shares closed Monday at $ 56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Colgate shares fell 30 cents to $ 56 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Several shots in the dark, but only an alligator had been killed by 23	Several shots Wednesday night, but no crocodiles died then.
Corixa shares fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Corixa shares barely flinched at the news, 12 cents to close at $ 6.88 immersion.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index &lt;.SPX&gt; was lower 0.46 points, or 0.05 percent, to 997.02.	The Nasdaq composite, cordones.IXIC technology index rose 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,653.44.
In announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said the seller gray help &quot;find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart new consumers of America.&quot;	Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the &#39;new America&#39; consumer. &quot;
Republicans pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August after extended the deadline to October 17, and are still working on it.	Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package in August, then he extended to October 17.
Supermarket chains in front of a supermarket employee possible strike this week accused the union leaders on Monday to break prematurely contract negotiations weekend.	Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of the breakdown of contract negotiations prematurely during the weekend as edible employees prepare for a possible attack.
He was referring to John S. Reed, former executive of Citicorp who became Acting President and CEO of the bag last Sunday.	Next week, John S. Reed, former executive of Citicorp who on Sunday became interim president and CEO of the bag, will take his place.
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, rose to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.	The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index increased to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.	On Wednesday of next week, Mr. Bush meets with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
&quot;Unlike many fledgling Internet companies, Google is believed to be profitable.	The private company Google is believed to be profitable.
&quot;It is safe to assume that the Senate prepares to pass some kind of cap,&quot; King said.	Its safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap ... The level of this is to be discussed.
And when asked if he felt remorse or guilt for the attack his answer was a firm &quot;no&quot;.	He asked if felt any remorse about attack theOctober 12, the answer was a firm &quot;no&quot;.
Another big somersault was Rambus Inc. (Nasdaq: RMBS people - news -), who shot 32 percent higher.	Rambus Inc. (Nasdaq: RMBS people - news -) rose 38 percent, making it the highest percentage gainer on Nasdaq.
Russ Britt is the head of the Los Angeles office for CBS.MarketWatch.com.	Emily Church is head of the London office of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
&quot;If you pass this bill, big brother will,&quot; said Representative John Mabry, D-Waco.	&quot;If&quot; pass this bill, Representative John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, &quot;Brother I&#39;ll watch.&quot;
Douglas Robinson, vice president of finance, will take over as CFO on an interim basis.	Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
Intel today disclosed details of its next-generation XScale mobile phones and portable devices processor here in San Jose.	Intel on Wednesday introduced its next generation processor for cell phones, PDAs and other wireless devices.
The federal government and several states later passed similar or stricter prohibitions.	Following the track of California, several states and the federal government passed similar or more difficult prohibitions.
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek membership in the ACC for the next school year to June 30 to adhere to the guidelines of the Big East.	However, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek membership CAC 30 June to adhere to the guidelines of the Big East.
He refused to disclose what percentage of flights led to sky marshals, or would increase.	He declined to say what percentage of national security officers on board flights.
Revenues of &quot;The Hulk&quot; came much lower than those of the Marvel Comics adaptation of last month, &quot;X2: X-Men United,&quot; which grossed $ 85.6 million in its first weekend.	Hulk continued adaptation of Marvel Comics last month, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $ 85.6 million in its first weekend.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $ 1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $ 32.26 at 10:55	On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares fell $ 1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $ 30.63.
897,158 valid signatures of registered California voters must be collected and delivered to the electoral authorities of September 2 County.	To force a recall election of Davis, 897,158 valid signatures of registered California voters must be delivered to the electoral authorities.
The 10-year note US10YT = RR reference lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent on Monday.	Further the curve, the 10-year note US10YT = RR reference shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24% from 3.17 percent.
The MDC called for the strike to force Mr Mugabe to step down or negotiate a settlement of the crisis in Zimbabwe.	The MDC called the protest a week to urge Mugabe to step down or to negotiate a solution to the crisis gripping the country.
The Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Wednesday that passes through an Ohio law banning a controversial late abortion method Constitutional Assembly and the state can fulfill.	An Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion is constitutionally acceptable and the state can meet a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after winning last week to 5.7 percent.	Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; rose 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1615.02.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.57 billion.	The McLean, Virginia-based company said revenue rose periodic 5 percent to $ 1.46 billion.
In January 2000, notebooks represent less than 25 percent of sales volume.	That compares with January 2000 year, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
Guillermo Coria and Dutch Martin Verkerk are in the other half.	The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also strong.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest level since June 18.	The S &amp; P 500 had risen 16 percent from its low gear and yesterday closed at the highest level since Dec. 2.
&quot;What I can say to you?&quot; He told a crowd at a cemetery with 1000 tombstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.	Mr. Powell told a crowd in a cemetery with 1000 tombstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
They said they had concluded that the film did not &quot;present a balanced picture&quot; of the Reagan.	CBS said the program &quot;does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
&quot;Let everything possible to recover taxpayers&#39; money as quickly as possible,&quot; Kennedy said.	&quot;There is very strong interest in recovering the taxpayers&#39; money as quickly as possible,&quot; said Commissioner Susan Kennedy.
He had only one condition, that the book was not published until his death.	He insisted, however, that was not published until after his death.
The results are published in the Nov. 6 issue of the journal Nature.	Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the weekly British science journal.
Average income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $ 42,409, after accounting for inflation.	The same survey found that the average income increased by $ 51, when accounting for inflation, to $ 43,057.
American and European leaders on Wednesday pledged to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united after months of bitter resentment against Iraq.	Bush said the leaders of the US and the European Union, at an annual summit in Washington, agreed on the need to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of above-line CDs to $ 9.09 from $ 12.02.	The company also said that lower wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price of $ 8.98.
He left the army to Syria where he received religious training.	He moved to Syria where he was subjected to greater religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
The meeting was scheduled to end on Wednesday night, with the adoption of resolutions expressing the opinion of the denomination issues but are not binding on the participants churches.	On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues but are not binding on individual churches.
But the inadequate performance of students in different subgroups of the state labeled as poor under the federal No Child Left Behind.	But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state on the list of needs for improvement under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
This led to the recovery of the altar Cancuén 270 kilograms, announced Wednesday by Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.	This led to the recovery last month of the altar 600 lbs Cancun, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society, said Wednesday.
Allergan shares fell 14 cents to close at $ 78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).	Allergan shares rose 14 cents to $ 78.40 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Next season second-quarter earnings will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.	They say reports second-quarter earnings will be key in giving the guide investors.
In a not too subtle blow to Dean predicted that Americans will not elect a Democrat &quot;sounds an uncertain trumpet that in these dangerous times.&quot;	They will not choose as Democratic president sounds an uncertain trumpet that in these perilous times. &quot;
That took the 10-year note US10YT = RR reference down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34% late Thursday.	That gave the 10-year note US10YT = slip reference RR 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34% late Thursday.
The report forecasts 71,079 hot spots worldwide will rise this year, only 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.	The report also states that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year to again croaker 2.5 million in 2002.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked as well as a disputed earlier study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, he said it did.	The doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that had become entangled in a scandal ImClone Systems, privileged worked as well as it did, said a study sponsored by the former company.
Bank shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $ 91.51 per share.	Shares of M &amp; T, based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents to $ 91.51.
His lawyer Donald Levine said The Telegraph had offered $ US250, 000 to tell his story exclusively to Australian television.	Mr. Levine said he had offered him $ 400,000 to tell his story to an Australian television.
Perry has called on lawmakers to two special sessions to address redistricting of Congress.	Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to test the strength redistricting plan through.
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb into a US convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.	Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb on a US convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one US soldier.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying that hurt individuality in markets.	Consumer groups oppose the change, saying it would concentrate too many outlets in a few media empires.
AirTran officials and an official of Boeing declined to comment yesterday.	Trish York, a Boeing spokesman declined to comment on the matter.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat and registrars in the counties of Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego.	The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat and secretaries of voters in the counties of Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on the creation of a free trade agreement with Central America.	Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
&quot;It&#39;s very difficult to make large syndicated loans in Japan,&quot; where there is a lack of knowledge, says a banker.	&quot;It&#39;s very difficult to make large syndicated loans in Japan,&quot; says a banker.
The case out of Illinois and is a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.	The case decided on Monday centered around a fundraiser Illinois, Telemarketing Associates.
Every Thursday, a management committee meets grain agriculture in the general direction of the Commission to decide the outcome of a tender weekly export.	A Grain Management Committee normally meets every Thursday in the agriculture unit of the Commission - another target of the attacks on Wednesday to decide the outcome of a tender weekly export.
Urges Congress to &quot;Send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law.&quot;	&quot;I urge Congress to resolve differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law quickly,&quot; he said.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a group of prisoners rights.	Pingeon said he interviewed a lawyer for your organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, Assan Tuesday.
Yee graduated from the Military Academy in West Point United States, New York 1990.	Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the Military Academy in West Point United States.
&quot;PNC regrets his involvement&quot; in business, President and CEO James Rohr said in a statement.	James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland rival in the 2002 gubernatorial election.	Mr. Swan Group supported the rival Democratic governor, Bill Curry, in the 2002 elections.
Later they fell out and have supported a number of Congolese militias rivals in recent years.	The two countries later fell invaders and have since backed rival factions.
State health officials said today that a young woman from Kansas northeast probably first case the state of monkeypox among humans or animals.	Health authorities today confirmed a woman northeastern Kansas State has first case of smallpox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Another said that its members would continue to call more than 50 million phones in the list of the Federal Trade Commission.	Meanwhile, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call numbers almost 51 million in the list.
Veteran actor Bob Hope celebrates its centenary - and many years in showbiz - Thursday.	Hollywood and the world prepare to celebrate the 100th birthday of legendary actor Bob Hope on Thursday.
Navistar shares fell 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $ 41.19 on the stock exchange in New York after falling as low as $ 39.93.	It fell as low as $ 39.93 Navistar shares rose a penny to $ 41.64 at the end of the afternoon on the stock exchange in New York after earlier.
Colin Powell, the secretary of state, said he kept contacts with Iran.	Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday it would continue contacts with Iran.
Declining to overcome problems advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Advancers to decliners by almost advantaged 2:52 on the NYSE and 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took five years to build.	The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the shipyard Newport News.
I am very proud of the citizens of this state, Governor John Baldacci, an enemy of casino said.	&quot;Very proud of the citizens of this state I&#39;m&quot; Gov. John Baldacci said after the votes were counted Tuesday&#39;s referendum.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information.	Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as director of technology and information.
Only 0.3 percent performance Intel Corp. was lower.	Only Intel Corp has a lower dividend yield.
A companion of the injured woman was also hospitalized and appeared in good condition.	A woman appeared in good condition on the campus of Memorial HealthPark he said.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, police said.	The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
MGM, NBC and freedom executives were not immediately available to comment.	A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.	The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.	Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
&quot;We have become strangers,&quot; Klein quoted him as saying.	&quot;We have become strangers,&quot; John told a friend two days before his death.
Saturday Davey graduated from Northwestern University, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a degree in philosophy and religion.	Davey began attending Northwestern University, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God in 1999, with plans to become a minister.
veteran actor of stage and screen Hume Cronyn died of cancer on Sunday.	Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, best Minister and most searched expected to complete the Belmont field.	Best Minister, Scrimshaw and Ten Most Wanted all had training on Monday morning.
The Nasdaq composite index, technology cordones.IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.	The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index.SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, to 986.60.
&quot;It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
His withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon.	&quot;Their withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow,&quot; he said the voice, he signed with the date as &quot;mid-September.&quot;
Deirdre Hisler, Manager of the canyon government, said the state has its eyes on this piece of property and is ready to complete the deal to get it.	Deirdre Hisler, Manager of the canyon government, said the state has long coveted this piece of property and is ready to complete the deal.
According to a press release sent by the Schindler-Schiavo Terry, Speaker Johnnie Byrd Florida Foundation will present &quot;From Terri Bill&quot; during the special session on Monday.	Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd house, is expected to introduce &#39;&#39; Terri Bill &#39;&#39; during a session of a special day of the state legislature is held today in Tallahassee.
In addition, companies throughout Utah are voluntary to show Amber alerts in your signs.	Other companies are volunteers put alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
Thanks to the rise of the euro against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the 10-month low overnight of 116 yen.	The rise of the euro against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen, well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what a gay bishop ended &quot;fuss&quot; is named, but urged remain celibate gay clergy.	Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu South Africa says he does not understand all the fuss appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged remain celibate gay clergy.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, Yukos CEO on charges of fraud and tax evasion.	The weekend arrest of Russia&#39;s richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, CEO of YUKOS oil major, on charges of fraud and tax evasion nervous financial markets.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been crushed and city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.	Reuters witnesses said public squares were filled with crying children and homeless people huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
For the year, it expects sales of $ 94 million and a profit of 26 cents per share from continuing operations.	This is an increase of $ 22.5 million and 5 cents previously forecast.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing agreement with the company.	Four months later he signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
Consumers still have to get a card decoding your cable operator to plug the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by your cable service.
On Friday, the Concorde up around dawn and seemed to launch directly from sunrise.	Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to throw himself directly from sunrise.
An episode of step 1 is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 ppm.	Federal Standard for ozone is 0.12 ppm.
After Hughes refused to hire Hernandez, he denounced the Commission of equal employment opportunity.	Hernandez filed a complaint with the Commission on equal opportunity employment and demand.
Three supermarket chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their shops open.	Supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often in small hours.
Dewhurst proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial plan &quot;Robin Hood&quot; for school finances.	The Commission will propose a replacement for school funding system &quot;Robin Hood&quot;.
Other countries and private creditors also must be at least $ 80 billion.	Other countries are owed at least $ US80 billion ($ 108.52 billion).
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $ 11,000 per call.	Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $ 11,000 per violation.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.	The bomb exploded while authorities waited a bomb squad arrived.
He explained that Antetonitrus found when he reached the mill in 2001 as assistant post-doctoral research at the University of Bristol in England.	He explained that Antetonitrus found when he reached the mill in 2001 as an assistant post-doctoral research at the University of Bristol in Britain.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.	No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
Backup security official could not fill because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.	Backup security official was on active duty, and the Association lottery did not have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
The jury also found guilty of using excessive force Olvera-Carrera showers with pepper spray Gonzales.	Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled under the train, placed next to the tracks while emergency services in wooden coffins.	The bodies of many of the dead, shot down the train partially derailed, were established by the tracks awaiting identification.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in custody of the coalition.	Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his arrest in late April.
Attorney Samuel Buell &quot;Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud,&quot; he told Associated Press.	&quot;Company executives at Enron comprometidocon widespread and pervasive to manipulate earnings results of the company fraud,&quot; Buell said.
&quot;I think ... just dealing with bragging rights, who wins and who loses,&quot; Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury said.	&quot;Lawyer fees leaving aside, we are dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses,&quot; Gammerman said.
Customers who pay the $ 1,219 entry fee to obtain SMS 2003 with 10 client access licenses device.	Retail price of SMS 2003 with 10 client access licenses device is $ 1,219.
Results of the survey of Aboriginal peoples 2001, released yesterday by Statistics Canada indicate living standards have improved, but remain for reservations.	Aboriginal Peoples Survey 2001, released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says that living standards have improved but still lag reserves for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished.
The recent change in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times.	The recent change in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims &quot;may signal more favorable economic times,&quot; he said.
While the trading day was mediocre, standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index was about to close its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.	The Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 stock index finished the fourth 120 points, an increase of 14 percent, the best performance for the broad market benchmark since 1998.
The researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of ​​Venezuela, about 250 kilometers west of Caracas.	Phoberomys skeleton was unearthed about 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that the terrorist network Jemaah Islamiyah planned to mount an operation in Bali.	But at no time he received ONA intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah planned to mount an operation in Bali.
These reports were denied by the Interior Minister, Prince Nayef.	However, the Saudi Interior Minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
Bryant previously said that hike had a great impact on the demand expected of officials.	CFO Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater volume of affection that officials hope.
American women, who are champions, played in Philadelphia on September 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.	US women, who are champions, played on September 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on September 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the sentence to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced on Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.	Although the judge may reduce the sentence to life imprisonment without parole, experts say the Virginia judges rarely take the opportunity.
Mr. McDonnell is leading research Grant Thornton International in the Italian business.	Mr. McDonnell wants to establish whether the Italian company followed procedures Thornton audit.
A hospital spokesman said Strong Memorial Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.	A hospital spokesman said Strong Memorial Doud was under evaluation on Tuesday night in the emergency room.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial fraud, making false statements, abuse of a corpse and theft.	Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body and theft.
After that, College President Paul Pribbenow said finish his speech.	After hedges microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told to finish his speech.
During the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.	During the full year ending 30 June 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
Basketball career Ricky Clemons brief, troubled Missouri ended.	Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons his team, ending his career problems there.
US military officials say the helicopter rotor wash may have burned down the flag.	US officials down says &quot;rotor wash&quot; generated by the helicopter hovering stripped flag of the tower.
The largest industry association is urging its members not call mobile numbers and over 50 million home on the list.	Meanwhile, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call numbers almost 51 million in the list.
The establishment that takes effect this week came less than two months after O&#39;Malley took the helm of the Archdiocese fourth of the nation.	The $ 85 million in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O&#39;Malley took over as leader of the diocese fourth of the nation was reached.
The Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a potentially dangerous in the basement of the Senate wing material Capitol police reported.	Capitol Police evacuated the US Capitol yesterday after a sensor detects a possible biological hazard in the Senate wing, but later officials said it was a false alarm.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said spokesman Jim Kennedy.	His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 was down 0.04 points Index.SPX, or 0%, to 971.52.	Index futures Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 bag for June were 2.60 points to 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were 7.50 points at 1183.50.
Mad Hatter project called the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a safer and less expensive alternative to Windows.	Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., the Mad Hatter project is standing by the sun as a cheaper, safer alternative desktop operating system Microsoft offers several desktop.
Workers accuse General Dynamics &quot;reverse discrimination age&quot; due to a change in retirement benefits in 1997.	General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement in 1997.
The Nasdaq composite index, technology facilitated the cordones.IXIC 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a string of six days of gains.	The Nasdaq composite technology-pesado.IXIC index was 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, to 1594.13.
A key figure in the former state bribery scheme Treasurer Paul Silvester was charged Wednesday to change his story about Silvester alleged corrupt deals with a Boston investment firm.	A key player in the corruption scheme former state Treasurer Paul Silvester testified Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester sold by the state company.
&quot;The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and will always be the safety of aviation,&quot; said the administration, part of the Department of Homeland Security.	&quot;The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and will always be the safety of aviation&quot;, they said.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client &quot;did not wake up that day&quot; intended to hurt anyone.	Hovan &quot;did not wake up that day&quot; intended to hurt anyone, said defense attorney John Speranza.
&quot;We believe it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over an appointment to the Supreme Court,&quot; Daschle wrote.	&quot;We believe it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight,&quot; Daschle of South Dakota Republican president wrote.
Yahoo represents 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 of NTT / Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.	Another 152,054 are IP Services company NTT / Verio and 129,378 InfoSpace, the survey found.
The mission of the Space Infrared Telescope Facility is to look at the early universe.	NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
Its creator, Inc. MedImmune, based in Gaithersburg, received doses from four million to five million this year.	MedImmune vaccines, the manufacturer of FluMist, made between 4 million and this dose five million years.
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two counts of bank robbery.	She appeared in federal court on Wednesday, but did not enter a statement.
In the last top-level shuffle on CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving his post as general manager of US programming, the network has announced.	In more recent movement to rejuvenate ratings CNN, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, CEO of US programming.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the group Qa&#39;eda-linked terror that has been blamed for the attacks.	Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the terrorist group al-Qaida-linked Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the attacks.
About 100 firefighters are now in the forest, said Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega.	&quot;We were seconds have passed,&quot; said Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega.
&quot;The problem has been solved,&quot; Marlins president David Samson said the through a club spokesman.	The Marlins just said, &quot;the problem has been resolved.&quot;
China&#39;s health ministry said five people died of SARS and 159 more were infected.	On Monday, China said nine people had died of SARS and more than more than 160 were infected with the virus.
The respected Lancet medical journal has called for a total ban on snuff in the UK.	A prestigious UK medical journal called Friday a total ban on snuff, prompting outrage among groups of smokers.
McDonald&#39;s shares rose $ 1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the high of the day of $ 23.89.	McDonald&#39;s shares rose $ 1.83 to close at $ 23.89 Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the last of a decade-long effort.	The incremental step, reported by researchers at the University of California San Francisco, is the latest in an effort to infect mice with the virus decade.
He said the FDA was hoping that Congress and the courts to bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.	He said the FDA hopes that Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers - perhaps before the 2004 elections.
Ernst &amp; Young did not admit any infringement settlement.	Ernst &amp; Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan, said the company does not admit any infringement.
The truck driver escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.	But police say the truck driver has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
The witness, a parking attendant 27-year-old Kosovar criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid $ 10,000 by the news of the world.	The witness was a parking attendant 27-year-old Kosovar, which was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
&quot;In many ways, the art of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history,&quot; Bush said.	Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said, &#39;&#39; the art of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas energy and Medicare have become so identified other members say their personal relationship angry is embarrassing to the party.	Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pronounced that other members say it is embarrassing for the party.
Geraldine Andrews, daughter of the pastor, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health center.	Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds daughter and a friend of the Wilson family, says Robinson has recently taken Wilson out of a mental health center.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two bystanders who fled along the promenade.	Then he stabbed two passersby as he fled along a walk in the Mediterranean Sea.
He and his colleagues attribute the communication gap physicians feel pressured by time.	Some of the communication gap attributed to physicians feel pressured by time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
State police said up to 30 workers were trapped immediately after the collapse of the garage.	As many as 30 people believed to be trapped inside initially, state police said.
Before Thursday&#39;s matinee, Baker called a meeting of the Club, he said the controversy had distracted the puppies.	Baker called it a pregame meeting, believing that the corked bat episode had distracted the team.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.	She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where he remained critically ill last night.
Bush yesterday was a statement thanking the Commission for its work and said: &quot;Our journey into space will go on&quot;.	Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the Commission for its work, saying: &quot;Our journey into space will go on.&quot;
OS ANGELES - &#39;&#39; The Hulk &#39;&#39; was a monster at the box office in its opening weekend in opening record $ 62.6 million in June.	&quot;Hulk&quot; took in $ 62.6 million at the box office, opening a monster and a new record in June.
The governor is going to Jackson, where they recorded 13 of the 16 deaths in the state.	The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people died.
Congratulations on being named Time magazine&#39;s person of the year.	Time magazine named him American soldier 2003.
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the index of S &amp; P 500 gained 1.74 to 982.33.	After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S &amp; P index rose 3 to 500 980.59.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, he recruited other bombers and coordinated the operation.	Samudra are not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
In addition, primary care trusts (PCT) received the star rating for the first time this year.	Primary care trusts and Mental Health also trusts have been formally classified for the first time this year.
Also it gives Microsoft an opportunity to comment on the remedies proposed by the Commission.	Among other things, Microsoft is to discuss the remedies proposed in its response.
Blue jeans with rising premiums owners could finally be getting relief.	Relief is in sight for Texans with clouds premiums homeowners insurance.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the primary voting on February 3.	Six Democrats and two Republicans point to his bench and have qualified for the primary voting on February 3.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.	The Nasdaq composite, technology cordones.IXIC average fell 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, to 1,744.91.
The teams worked to install a new sewer and prepare the road for motorists could use the eastbound lanes for traveling as storm clouds threatened to throw more rain.	The teams worked to install a new sewer and repave the road so that motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
Halliburton Tuesday reiterated its argument that KBR had &quot;delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms.&quot;	&quot;We believe that KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms,&quot; ​​Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
Elecia Battle, Cleveland police that left her purse and left the store last week Fast Food Mart after buying the ticket said.	Elecia Battle dropped her purse after purchasing the Mega million lottery ticket last week and believes that flew the ticket.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp and Sony.	MediaQ customers include leading manufacturers of hand Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
Cleveland Cavaliers James won the right to draft annual lottery winning NBA Thursday night.	Such was the case when the lottery Cleveland Cavaliers&#39; LeBron James, &quot;also known as the NBA draft lottery on Thursday night.
Among workers, the researchers found few workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.	&quot;Few workers were worse than expected by age audience, three times more often than taller workers,&quot; writes wrong.
Mr. Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the center of the investigation.	OLAF and the Belgian prosecutors have specified whether it was this system that was at the center of the investigation.
So far, sales of entertainment-oriented PCs were limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.	Computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States and Korea.
Ballmer has been vocal in the last warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.	In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the threat open to Microsoft code.
The broad Standard &amp; Poor 500 stocks rose 4.83 points or 0.49 percent to 980.76.	Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 futures stock index declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while the Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1206.50.
Talabani told the Board &quot;would need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions that have been taken.&quot;	Talabani told him that Iraqi leaders &quot;need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions have been taken&quot; to the organization of an interim Iraqi government in June.
Stanford (46-15) now plays South Carolina (44-20) in a first round match at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Nebraska.	Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
The same poll a month ago had street leading to Katz 42% to 34%, with 21 percent undecided.	In the same poll a month ago Katz had 46 to 40 percent.
The wide &lt;.SPX&gt; Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index rose 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.	The Standard &amp; Poor 500 cattle 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 am in New York.
&quot;We are devoting all available resources to research,&quot; said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, antiterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.	&quot;We are aware of the situation,&quot; said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, antiterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
But they do not realize until it is too late (of course) because they are potential victims of a horror movie.	But they do not realize until it is too late (of course) because they are potential victims.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the plaintiff schoolchildren in the case, said it would appeal.	An attorney for the plaintiff schoolchildren said it plans to appeal.
The euro has fallen nearly four percent since matching a record peak around $ 1.1935 last week and hit a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.	The euro has fallen as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $ 1.1935 last week and hit a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.	Texas, which has more than three times of Michigan inmate population, about 328 of its 16,298 inmates infected.
The technology-laden Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end their highest level for 12 months.	Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; rose 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1615.02.
The Nasdaq composite index, technology cordones.IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.	The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index &lt;.SPX&gt; exceeded by 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
With the display function, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.	With the function of display (ex-poh-SAY), all open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the room a free man.	Instead he left the room a free man after the authorities dismissed the charges.
&quot;This case was mentally challenging and emotionally draining,&quot; said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a minister of 41 years old.	Jim Wolfcale, Jury President and Minister said, &quot;this case was mentally challenging and emotionally draining.&quot;
It arrives later this week in the first state visit by a US president.	Mr. Bush arrives Tuesday in the first state visit of an American president.
The agreement, approved by the Board, both companies are expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia tax in the third quarter.	The acquisition has been approved by the Board of Directors of both companies and is expected to close in the third quarter of this year.
The research firm had previously forecast a rise of 4.9%.	The company had predicted earlier this year an increase of 4.9%.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allocated by Bush, Senate President Jim King said.	The Senate could support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $ 250,000 proposed by Gov. Jeb Bush, Senate President Jim King said.
More than 100 police participated in the busts were the culmination of an operation two years researching the importation of cocaine and money laundering band.	More than 100 officers launched the attacks in London in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
Peel the extraordinary items, earnings for the fourth quarter were 64 cents per share, compared with 25 cents per share in the previous year.	Earnings were 59 cents per share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents per share a year earlier.
But at age 15, he had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: whether it was time to try surgery.	But at the age of 15, which weigh a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: whether it was time to try surgery.
PeopleSoft commit $ 863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.	The new deal would be valued at $ 1.75 billion, including $ 863 million in cash and 52.6 million shares of PeopleSoft.
&quot;If we can do that around the world, we could end terrorism,&quot; he said.	This is a hospital that treats everyone as an individual, and if we can do that around the world, we could end terrorism. &quot;
Encouraged by some of the advice given by Nicklaus, Howell shot a less 8-64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.	Encouraged by the advice given by Nicklaus, Howell shot a less 8-64 Thursday to enter today&#39;s round one stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
So in his State of the Union in January, Bush declared that the British government &quot;has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa.&quot;	In his January 28 State of the Union message, Bush said: &quot;The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa. &#39;&#39;
Net income rose to $ 3.99 billion from $ 3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.	That&#39;s up from $ 1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
If a speech by Bill Gates Comdex, it&#39;s time for the new Tablet PC.	If Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for another lecture from Bill Gates.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a nightclub in Los Angeles.	He was arrested last week for allegedly beating a parking attendant outside a nightclub in Los Angeles the week.
Among those waiting for a turn was Jodie Singer, sixth grade from Washington, DC	Jodie Singer, sixth grade from Washington, DC, eagerly turn the microphone.
But the cancer society said its study had been mistreated.	The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Both are being held in Armstrong County Jail.	Tatar held without bail today in Armstrong County Jail.
A few kilometers further east is Tehuacan, where corn May first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.	A few kilometers west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn May first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
The confusion capped a tumultuous week of the list, which is intended to block 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	The free service was originally intended to block 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
The other 24 members are divided between representatives of the securities industry and alleged members of the &quot;public&quot; Board.	Of the 24 directors who are not executives exchange, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are appointed public members.
&quot;Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and continue cherishing we can do,&quot; CEO Marce Fuller said.	Mirant CEO Marce Fuller &quot;our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court,&quot; he said in a prepared statement early Friday.
Named in the complaint were former executives and directors Paul A. Allaire G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.	The executives include former executives fined Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the policies of the national denomination on homosexuality.	The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the National Convention of the name to confirm a gay man as bishop.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also accused of perjury and filing a false instrument.	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three requests for marriage.
Thursday has estimated 51 percent market share in Europe.	Boston Scientific said it has won 51 percent of the coated stent market in Europe.
The Senate Banking Committee plans to hold a hearing Tuesday that Donaldson is scheduled to testify on the hedge and mutual funds.	The Senate Banking Committee plans to hold a hearing on Tuesday when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
The Nasdaq composite technology-pesado.IXIC index was 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, to 1594.13.	The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 was down 0.04 points Index.SPX, or 0%, to 971.52.
These men &quot;are entitled to respect for their private lives,&quot; Kennedy said.	The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
Mr. Morse is charged with assault and Mr. Darvish is accused of filing a false complaint.	Bijan Darvish his partner is accused of filing a false complaint.
The simulated explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in Seattle&#39;s industrial south.	The simulated explosion of a radioactive &quot;dirty bomb,&quot; the first event in the mock weeklong, occurred in several hectares in the industrial area south of Seattle.
The third round was a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.	Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
The Commission charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Board Kentucky Lottery and then improperly appointed Conner&#39;s husband, Seth, to the Board of Agriculture Development.	Patton also appointed Conner to the Board Kentucky Lottery and Seth Conner appointed to the Board of Agriculture Development, the Commission says.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the trunk of the Caprice.	McGill also said a dark glove was thrown into a hole that had been cut in the trunk of the Caprice.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents per share, according to Thomson First Call.	Analysts had forecast second-quarter sales of $ 614 million, according to the Web site of Thomson first call.
The district also sent letters yesterday to inform parents of the situation.	Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination of yesterday.
Richard Grasso resigned as president last week after losing the support of its Board of Directors amid public furor over his pay package of $ 140 million.	Grasso resigned last week following a storm of criticism over his severance package of $ 140 million.
The new servers run the Solaris x86 or Linux version, he said.	The servers can run Solaris x86 standard Linux operating system or operating system.
Glide across the ice, Moriarty and Carella fell to the rocky river spongy ground and immediately felt the pull.	The two rescuers running down the embankment, fell to the rocky river spongy ground and immediately felt the pull.
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5,500 jobs and close factories after a 4.9 trillion ($ A11.9 million) acquisition spree inflation in the last three years the costs.	Cadbury Schweppes has revealed plans to cut 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to reduce the costs generated by an acquisition spree.
Mr. Sweeney had outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association speech.	Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association speech.
It seemed to be an isolated incident, &quot;Ariel Dean of Washington DC, who earned a degree in political science said.	It seemed to be an isolated incident, &#39;&#39; said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, DC
The jury awarded TVT about $ 23 million in compensatory damages and approximately $ 108 million in punitive damages.	TVT Records was seeking $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages, authorities said.
TVT Records was seeking $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages, authorities said.	Damages include $ 24 million in compensatory damages and $ 52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a press conference to influence opinion against Powell.	The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to influence opinion against Powell and two other Republicans panel.
Unit volume also set a record as laptops accounted for over 40 percent of sales.	In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of sales monitor.
In addition to combat falling sales, Siebel has also been sparring with some investors upset by huge stock options mean managers have pocketed.	In addition to a drop in sales, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders gains management stock options.
That compared with the previous year a profit of $ 102 million, or 13 cents per share.	That was more than double the $ 102 million, or 13 cents per share, for the quarter last year.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play tonight for the national championship.	Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a duel winner takes all at 18:05 on Monday.
&quot;The economy, however, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy has not shown signs of sustainable growth.
A 32-count indictment &quot;strikes one of the highest goals in the world of drug trafficking,&quot; said US Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	The newly opened 32-count indictment alleged money laundering and conspiracy and &quot;strikes one of the highest goals in the world of drug trafficking,&quot; Jimenez said.
A soldier was killed and another wounded Monday when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.	On Sunday, a US soldier was killed and another wounded when it exploded ammunition dump guarding in southern Iraq.
The Commission estimates that California lost $ 937 million in corporate tax shelters in 2001.	The California lost tax revenue was mainly due to international corporate tax shelters.
In other markets, Treasuries US began the weaker Monday as action up early.	In other markets, Treasuries US inches higher as a decline in stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
A cost analysis is underway, said Michael Rebell, executive director of the CFE.	&quot;We do not seek a remedy Robin Hood,&quot; said Michael Rebell, executive director of the campaign.
He went to the court believing I could do it only if I played my best tennis.	&quot;I was thinking he was sure he could do it, but only if I would play my best tennis.
Dotson said FBI agents who shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the statement of the arrest warrant.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents that he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the statement of the arrest warrant.
Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical knowledge and research.	He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
The shares rose $ 2.11, or about 11 percent, to close at $ 21.51 Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.	PG &amp; E Corp. shares jumped $ 1.63, or 8 percent to $ 21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Eric Gagne won his 17 except in as many opportunities struck out three in the ninth inning and allowed just one infield single by Greg Norton.	Near Eric Gagne won his 17 except attacked many opportunities as three of the four batters he faced in the ninth.
The Blair government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in an environment of record September 2002 the case for military action.	Britain includes the charge in an environment of record September 2002 the case for war in Iraq.
Excluding energy prices, wholesale prices fell 0.9 percent.	Energy prices fell by 8.6 percent, the biggest drop since July 1986.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday of the Jiuquan launch site in the Gobi Desert.	The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between Wednesday and Friday from launch site in the Gobi Desert.
Hong Kong was flat, Australia, Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent.	Australia was flat, Singapore was down 0.3 percent at midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent.
SUV parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with &quot;ELF&quot; and other slogans, and another was set on fire outside a house, said Sgt Tom Wright.	Several trucks parked in residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with &#39;&#39; ELF &#39;&#39; and other slogans, said Sgt Tom Wright.
The Nasdaq composite, technology cordones.IXIC average fell 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, to 1,628.26.	The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index.SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, to 986.60.
They suspect that at least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois.	There are also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
The pill, called the &quot;Polycap&quot; containing aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three drugs lower blood pressure in half the standard dose and folic acid.	The ingredients in about a Polipastilla contains aspirin, a statin cholesterol three blood pressure lowering agents mean dose, and folic acid.
&quot;They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed killed 500 meters away,&quot; said Sunday.	&quot;What they are doing now is drive around in their cars, while people are being killed killed 500 meters away.
On Tuesday arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.	At the hearing, he pleaded not guilty to fraud and false accusations burial statements.
Still, revenues from additional premiums would be enormous.	How additional premiums would be collected?
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the war effort, so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin Powell L ..	The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the war effort, so the decision was seen by some experts as a victory for Powell and the State Department.
Aiken study was published Sept. 24 in the Journal of the American Medical Association.	The findings appear in Wednesday Journal of the American Medical Association.
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter earnings doubled from a year as stronger than expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business does.	Earnings for the second quarter of Intel Corp. doubled and revenue rose 8 percent a year as chip manufacturing giant makes disclosed stronger than expected demand for microprocessors in personal computers.
A spokesman for Merrill Lynch said &quot;we are pleased with the judge&#39;s decision.&quot;	&quot;We are pleased with the judge&#39;s decision,&quot; Merrill said yesterday.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, which solidifies and increasing the useful life of certain food products.	Trans fats are created when vegetable oil is partially hydrogenated, the solidifying and increasing the useful life of certain products.
Schroeder canceled his Italian vacation after Stefani refused to apologize for the insults that came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi camp guard concentration.	Stefani observations stoked even more tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a concentration camp guard Nazi.
Dell OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating system patches with a single tool.	Update packages help &quot;automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using a tool,&quot; which is vague unpleasant.
Shall be left at any time or die of cold, Moriarty thought.	From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, &quot;you will be left at any time or freeze to death.&quot;
Also called LURD Ja&#39;neh for an interim government and the deployment of a peace force led western United States.	The rebels also call for the deployment of a peacekeeping force led by the United States.
KEDO spokesman Roland Tricot said: &quot;The Executive Board decided to refer this matter to the capitals.	&quot;The Executive Board decided to refer this to capitals,&quot; said Korean energy development organization.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which providers can use these features hardware-based security policies to establish digital rights management.	But skeptics are concerned about the ease in which these features hardware-based security policies could be used to establish digital rights management by vendors.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, of York, fell into a cavity that opened when the structure collapsed at the Tiburtina station, reported the Italian railway authorities.	Sally Baldwin, of York, died instantly when a gangway collapsed and fell on machinery at Tiburtina station.
It urges the Agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	The agency has fully formulate a strategy for creating an independent engineering technical authority.
WorldCom accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company declared bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.	WorldCom&#39;s financial problems came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July 2002.
Treasure reference notes 10 years won 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.	Benchmark 10 years recently was 17/32, yield 4.067 percent.
Prosecutors made a turn in May and requested the autopsy reports unsealed after parts of the autopsy report Conner Peterson favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.	They asked autopsy reports unsealed after parts of the autopsy report of Peterson&#39;s son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
The volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.	Volume came to 439.66 million shares, down from 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
Penn Traffic shares closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, rose two cents.	Penn Traffic shares closed Wednesday 36 cents, 2 cents, or 6.2% late Tuesday.
hard-fought legislation to change the law acquisition and help development company based in Michigan to fend off an invasion on Thursday cleared the State Senate.	Legislation to change state law acquisition and Taubman Centers Inc. help headquartered in Bloomfield Hills to fend off a $ 1 billion acquisition won approval Tuesday Committee.
However, other unions, including the powerful CGT remained against the reform and demanded that the government initiate fresh negotiations with them.	The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded that the government renegotiate the reform with them.
The family owns cheetahs clubs here and in Las Vegas.	The searches were conducted simultaneously with attacks in strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
The new Medicare law would cover 95 percent of drug costs over $ 5,100.	Above that, the elderly would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until total payment reaches $ 3,600.
Thousands 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.	A few thousand troops, more than 3rd division team combat brigade based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
The study also found that advertisers of consumer goods continued to spend the most online dollars, accounting for 35% of all Web advertising.	In the second quarter, advertisers online consumers continued to spend the most, slightly increasing their share.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a giant Gambian rat imported from Africa.	Prairie dogs is believed to have been infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
The defense may appeal Roush ruling until after the trial.	Defense attorneys can not appeal the decision until after trial in the appellate courts.
Crohn&#39;s disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, abdominal pain, weight loss and fatigue.	Symptoms include chronic diarrhea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme fatigue.
The Committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.	The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
Authorities identified the stunt as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his mistress in 1982.	Powell is serving time in a different case, killing his home in 1982.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a bullet wound in the back.	Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
Former Indiana representative Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.	McCloskey died Sunday afternoon at his home after a battle for years with bladder cancer.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed yesterday to blood donors.	The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross on Monday to ask for more blood donors.
It is priced at $ 5,995 for an unlimited number of users taking advantage of the single processor or $ 195 per user with a minimum of five users.	It is priced at $ 5,995 or $ 195 on a per-user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
