In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by indigenous peoples all-Ijaw of instigating violence against them and paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, Chevron Ijaw showed all indigenous to encourage violence against them and to pay Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.
I know in France have had herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way to go.	I know that in France, the beginning of the slaughter of the entire herd has been executed and that this is not the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and then, of course, we can not vote for him.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we can not approve it.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government to rule arbitrarily its constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.
The House had also fought, however, for reducing the funds available for innovative measures should be compensated by the resources of the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a statement on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement.	This Parliament has also fought for this reduction in funds available for innovative measures should be compensated for the use of frame flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to dismiss a government arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a feature tyranny.
After all, it is not at all certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in Member States are very satisfactory.	In fact, it is absolutely not true that the definition of fair price that is better than another, because the definitions in the Member States usadoen all widely enough.
In fact one could wish for more information and for improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	You may actually want more and better, but I think it is a good start.
really it should be a focal point of the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It must be real coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will speed up and a network of centers of excellence of food at regional level.
In my own name and on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries, I beg you, Madam President, to send Parliament &#39;s condolences to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany and Marín, Galicia, from which the most victims.	Madam President, I beg you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in Britain as Marin, city of Galicia, where most victims originates.
In fact one could wish for more information and for improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	In fact one may want more and better, but I believe very sincerely that it is a good start.
It will be tested on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	Happens in next demand on January 8. It reproaching him for having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opposition in France, which also refuses.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you very much to you, Commissioner.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has striven for a long time, is the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit.	The creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament has been seeking for a long time already.
There has been a budget for the funding of demining programs and prevention mine for many years.	Financing budget line and prevention programs my separation for years.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur &#39;s initial and shared statement by a number of members is to promote standards and codes of conduct are needed to establish between forms of insurers costs organization on a mutual basis providing all the world with guaranteed access to high quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk selection and customer access.	The other point of view, illustrated by the initial objective of the Rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes needed to establish, among insurers conduct, forms of cost option to ensure the entire supply of good quality of care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
The only case in which no tax is applied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case that no tax is still perceived &quot;is an example of supply in the European Community from a third country.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	It is obviously necessary to determine the reasons for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Mr President, the Commission &#39;s attitude towards the right of access to documents can be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents .	Mr. President, we can see the position of the Commission in terms of public access to documents by reading the internal manual that was given on October 11, with Commission officials to explain how they were to deal with requests members regarding access to documents.
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything, so competition is not completely free, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything and that, therefore, there is no can there be competition without limits.
After all, it is not at all certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in Member States are very satisfactory.	In fact, it is not absolutely certain that the proposed definition of fair price is better than another, because different definitions are currently used in Member States are enough is enough.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, passed.	Mr President, my colleagues, I would like to take part in the joint resolution is obviously going to vote.
I have also voted against a text which provides for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which requires the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental rights in the treaty to be approved in Nice future.
There has been a budget for the funding of demining programs and prevention mine for many years.	A line of budget funds separation programs and prevention for years.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	57 are of those who signed the letter, the senators, including 24 Republicans.
I find it quite odd that people are already trying to tie the hands of the Commission regarding the proposed directive, while the same call on him to present a green paper on the current situation regarding plans supplemental medical insurance and optional.	It seems a bit strange that now require the Commission to a motion resolution and ask the same time to prepare a green paper on the current state of safe and voluntary supplementary insurance.
People with the same issues in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between people.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighborly Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkable positive difficult that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has striven for a long time, is the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit.	The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, which is the European Parliament not long ago.
I urge the French Presidency to make every effort to overcome this gap, because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency to make every effort to reduce this gap, particularly destructive.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what steps the Presidency of the European Council intends to take in order to play a more active role in order to ensure full and complete implementation of the peace plan from the ONU?	Does the European Parliament, in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that initiatives does the Council intend to play a more active role to ensure the full and complete implementation of the peace plan of the UN?
On the contrary, it is reducing the influence of national democracies on the other restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of national further restrict the right of veto and to give more power to the EU Parliament.
Mr President, I would like to focus on my speech Ms. Lalumière &#39;s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr. President, in my speech I will focus on the report of the report of Ms. Lalumière, I find well thought out and clearly formulated.
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything, so competition is not completely free, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market can not regulate everything and that, in this sense, can not be a competition without limits.
The Council of Europe, together with the human rights court, has extensive experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has a solid he also experiment with respect to such forms of control. We can take it to the base.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to discuss the joint resolution which obviously we vote.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this statement for dialogue, to access our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be left in the past.	I invite you to Prague to carry this message, this invitation, this request for dialogue, act and do that together with this house, these relics periodas nationalists can be abandoned.
really it should be a focal point of the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It should be the real brain coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food security at regional level.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, it should be strengthened complement of staff attached interdepartmental group to the Secretariat of the Commission as soon as possible in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when the college of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299, examining a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Therefore, it is urgent that the staff interdepartmental group very quickly is reinforced in the heart of the Secretary-General of the Commission, that all proposals of law of general interest may be accompanied, for consideration by the Commission on the basis Article 299 (2) of detailed fiche d&#39;Impact.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament had been heard better if, in anticipation that the Council of Nice, had devoted a specific resolution and separately for these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points of the Council agenda his voice.	Withdrawing our resolution, however, I am convinced that Parliament would be better made his voice heard, taking into account the European Council of Nice, a separate and specific resolution on the issues that are so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them in the context of a single resolution also including all other issues on the agenda of the Council.
The Council of Europe, together with the human rights court, has extensive experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the European Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has considerable experience with regard to these forms of control; we can take as a base.
We have started to exchange ideas on this issue, which has emerged that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have begun to have discussions on this subject, so it is clear that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of treaties.	First, the simplification and clarification of treaties.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, it should be strengthened complement of staff attached interdepartmental group to the Secretariat of the Commission as soon as possible in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when the college of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299, examining a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Therefore, it is urgent that the staff interdepartmental group very quickly consolidated in the heart of the Secretary-General of the Commission, for all the general measure proposed may be accompanied, for consideration by the College on the basis of Article 299 (2) of a fiche d &#39;detailed Impact.
Surely it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor and it is true that in this case, the American proposal was a third proposal which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	It is certainly better to have no agreement will only have an agreement that is bad and in this case, the American proposal was a proposal for reimbursement, totally unacceptable for Europe.
The worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the job desperation because they have no way to continue to provide for themselves.	The situation is worse when it comes from distant countries women who have accepted this work of necessity and have no alternative but to continue supporting themselves to their vital needs.
The joint debate is closed.	The joint debate is closed.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries of the European Union.	This is an event of this type that would like the other Member States of the European Union.
If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must now intervene with money and actions and not just words.
Surely it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor and it is true that in this case, the American proposal was a third proposal which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Surely it was better not to have an agreement that pass any agreement and, in this case, the US proposal was a totally unacceptable proposal to dilute Europe.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and is shared by the European s party.	That is defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People&#39;s Party position.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We must clearly define the reasons for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
While employment may be the European Union &#39;s priority policy, fisheries, as another of the economic, can not remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, fishing, as an economic sector, can not remain on the sidelines.
Finally, and most controversially, the Committee strongly urged by the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally and this is a controversial issue, the Commission vigorously invited to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
Keep up the pressure and are strengthening their position with the revenue they generate to deliver more than 150 grams mail.	They continue to exert pressure. The money they earn with the distribution beyond the limits of 150 grams strengthens its position.
If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must speak now with money and concrete actions not just words.
There has been a budget for the funding of demining programs and prevention mine for many years.	A budget line is funding demining programs and prevention for years.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Ships, without which there is the slightest, Mr Gayssot.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this statement for dialogue, to access our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be left in the past.	I invite you to Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to act accordingly and make it so in connection with this Parliament, these old relics nationalist era can be abandoned.
But I would say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would like to tell the House this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
UK Labour Members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of its contribution to the work of the IGC on enhanced cooperation, without endorsing every detail.	. (In) the British Members of labor the PSE Group are pleased with the favorable response reserved for the contribution they made to the work of the IGC on enhanced cooperation, without adhering fully to all the details of it.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by indigenous peoples all-Ijaw of instigating violence against them and paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, Chevron indigenous All-Ijaw have been accused of inciting violence against them and go so far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw protesters at the Warri naval base.
I know in France have had herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way to go.	I know that in France, the beginning of the slaughter of whole herds was applied and that does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
These objectives, the main and secondary, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the main objective and secondary objectives, will be the criterion by which to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations and therefore of enlargement.	The European Council will review the progress of the accession negotiations and therefore of enlargement.
My party has serious reservations about Community law applicable to the sale of consumer products, compared with applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through Community legislation, as expressed reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur &#39;s initial and shared statement by a number of members is to promote standards and codes of conduct are needed to establish between forms of insurers costs organization on a mutual basis providing all the world with guaranteed access to high quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk selection and customer access.	The other point of view, illustrated by the initial field of the Rapporteur and shared by the membership, is the promotion of standards and codes of conduct necessary to find, among insurers, ways of pooling costs in ensuring all offering a high quality of care and to counter the risks for the development of discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned no action to show that we really consider Kostunica to be the only legally elected representative of the Serbian people and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner, for the steps shown that we consider as the representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will have to deal with.
All those who are in this illicit work would obtain work they engaged with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently involved in such illegal trabajaren employment in decent social conditions.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but has very courageously found a solution to the issue of the University and many other issues, the government needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, more peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, but the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other issues, needs visible signs of success, as well as strong support, under penalty They are threatened peace in the region as a whole.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	Obviously we must determine the reasons for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Surely it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor and it is true that in this case, the American proposal was a third proposal which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Surely it was better to have no agreement at all than a bad agreement and, in this case, the proposal is a proposal, totally unacceptable for Europe.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what steps the Presidency of the European Council intends to take in order to play a more active role in order to ensure full and complete implementation of the peace plan from the ONU?	How the European Parliament has requested in its resolution of 16 March 2000, the European Council presidency initiatives aim to bring to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the peace plan of the UN?
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are plowed back into public services, will last.	The maintenance of universal service to the attendance of a compensation fund to involve the advantage of the civil service will likely be much fire.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned no action to show that we really consider Kostunica to be the only legally elected representative of the Serbian people and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner and provides steps that will be shown that Koitunica consider as legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner who will now head the European Union.
The labeling of beef that was agreed, which is a minimum form of labeling and only came into force two months ago, not make it possible for the origin of the animals to interact properly, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labeling of beef that has been decided, which is a minimum and labeling is in effect for two months, does not correctly to trace the origin of the animals and we have banned specified risk material quite late.
We&#39;ll have to talk with a disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with one voice within the WTO.
Keep up the pressure and are strengthening their position with the revenue they generate to deliver more than 150 grams mail.	They will continue to exert pressure on the money they earn distribution beyond the limits of 150 grams allows them to strengthen their position.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favor of more transparency.	Should welcome it with satisfaction that the European Parliament has brought together a large majority in favor of greater transparency.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify such potential improvements.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratization measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make it imperative that we must promote measures for institutional strengthening, democratization and respect for human rights in Albania.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this statement for dialogue, to access our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be left in the past.	I call on Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue to follow up and to ensure that, together with this house, they may be abandoned these relics of a nationalist era.
The labeling of beef that was agreed, which is a minimum form of labeling and only came into force two months ago, not make it possible for the origin of the animals to interact properly, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labeling of beef has been decided, which is a minimum and that is in effect for two months, does not make it possible to trace the origin of animals properly and we have forbidden because sooner at risk.
And I say loud and clear: Kostunica must have his chance here and I therefore hope that will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but in the meantime, I want the introduction of these two new budget lines, democratization and reconstruction, to go accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say this very clearly: we must give the opportunity to Kostunica and therefore hopefully ensure an amnesty during the weeks or months ahead; But in the meantime, I would like, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely: democratization and reconstruction.
The House had also fought, however, for reducing the funds available for innovative measures should be compensated by the resources of the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a statement on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also fought for this reduction in funds for innovative measures to be offset by the use of frame flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines approach.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality specific guidelines and gender mainstreaming approach.
On the contrary, it is reducing the influence of national democracies on the other restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of national democracies is even more force to limit the right of veto and give more power to the European Parliament.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ship sank, without the storm in at least exist, Mr Gayssot.
Knowledge of foreign languages ​​is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is recognized that knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a prerequisite for mobility.
really it should be a focal point of the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It should be the real brain coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence food security at regional level.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of chaos and we must begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson we should learn this house in this morning&#39;s debate is that we are forced to conclude that maritime laws in the world, in a state of chaos, and we set the task of clarifying this.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency had restructured first and then had scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency has first restructured and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
The broader Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index.SPX had won 3 points, or 0.39 percent, to 924.	Technology shoelaces Nasdaq Composite Index &lt;.IXIC&gt; rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and is shared by the European s party.	It is defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People&#39;s Party position.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are plowed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of universal service, for a compensation fund to be engaged in private benefits for the benefit of the public service is likely to be long.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united Europe.	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and clear European continent.
Surely it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor and it is true that in this case, the American proposal was a third proposal which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Certainly it should not be better to have an agreement that is wrong and in this case, the American proposal was a proposal for the reduction, totally unacceptable for Europe agreement.
on the situation in Burma	On the situation in Burma.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm welcome they have given us.	In this cooperation, for your support and for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thanks.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of chaos and we must begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson we should keep this house in the debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world in a state of disorder, and that we set the task to put them in order.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of ​​incorporating candidate simultaneously as a large group countries, because that would undermine the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Second, we must say &#39;no&#39; to the concept that it would be admitted that great explosion, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would contradict the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of ​​incorporating candidate simultaneously as a large group countries, because that would undermine the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Second, we must say &#39;no&#39; to the concept big bang would admit the same time, a large group of countries, because that would contradict the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and then, of course, we can not vote for him.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and of course we can not accept.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has striven for a long time, is the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit.	The creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament has worked for a long time.
The debate is closed.	The debate is closed.
Who apart from enhanced cooperation actually they receive the same freedom as the back seat passengers of a car.	Those who reject enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement passengers in the back seat of a car.
Worst of all, I think, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favor may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, there is nothing worse than having to tell people to be in their favor could be that a series of words and have no worries about their existence.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament had been heard better if, in anticipation that the Council of Nice, had devoted a specific resolution and separately for these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points of the Council agenda his voice.	Withdrawing our resolution, however, I am convinced that Parliament would do better to devote his voice, before the Council of Nice, a specific resolution separate and extremely important issues and difficult if the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them as part of single resolution also including all other elements of the Council&#39;s agenda.
I would have also liked the Court of Auditors report which have been a little easier to use and have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would have also liked the report of the Court of Auditors was a bit easier to use and had submitted some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three main areas.	In recent weeks, he has made three significant progress.
It is an embarrassing situation when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernized business practice.	This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union is a champion of modernization of economic life.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by indigenous peoples all-Ijaw of instigating violence against them and paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the All-Ijaw natives showed Chevron to incite violence in their opposition and go to paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that wanted to join forces with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly on procedures for the registration of non-governmental organizations for participation in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and decided by the General Assembly in connection with the method of accreditation of non-governmental organizations in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
Even you will not be incorporated into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be left out.	You do not want to incorporate into the Treaty showing that this text must be booked.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is a point for which we have tabled amendments.	It is unclear at this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, especially at this point we have tabled amendments.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships were sunk, without any storm, Mr Gayssot.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and then, of course, we can not vote for him.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be opposed and obviously can not support it.
I urge the French Presidency to make every effort to overcome this gap, because it is extremely destructive.	I urgently call on the presidency to do everything in its power to fulfill that role.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A policy that has been heavily capital.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries of the European Union.	This is an event of this kind that I wish other states of the European Union.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	Ie the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in denial of a roof and the maintenance of a minimum rate can not be less than 7%.
The worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the job desperation because they have no way to continue to provide for themselves.	Things deteriorate when it comes to women from countries that have accepted this work and have no other possibility to continue to provide their basic needs.
really it should be a focal point of the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It should be the real brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food security at regional level.
All those who are in this illicit work would obtain work they engaged with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working a job in social conditions.
It will be tested on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	VA trial on January 8 next year. He is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opposition in France, as indeed he denies.
The labeling of beef that was agreed, which is a minimum form of labeling and only came into force two months ago, not make it possible for the origin of the animals to interact properly, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labeling of beef that was decided, which is a minimum labeling and which entered into force only two months and a half, makes possible to conveniently recall the origin of the animals and prohibits us very late specified risk material.
In 1996 the European Parliament came out in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal throughout the European Union according to the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament had decided in favor of a ban on the use of bone meal in the European Union, according to the precautionary principle - it only had been heard.
Even you will not be incorporated into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be left out.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty showing that this text must be booked.
That changed to criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Finance Minister gave a new interpretation of it: now it is a tax for all users, including drivers of heavy vehicles British transport.
And I say loud and clear: Kostunica must have his chance here and I therefore hope that will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but in the meantime, I want the introduction of these two new budget lines, democratization and reconstruction, to go accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say very clearly: we must give chance Kostunica and therefore hopefully provide an amnesty in the weeks and months ahead; But in the meantime, I hope, however, that politically and in terms of budget, political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, ie the democratization and reconstruction.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries of the European Union.	It is a development of this kind I hope that other States of the European Union.
Even you will not be incorporated into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be left out.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty showing that this text must be booked.
Especially when a sole proprietorship or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, you should not need to provide loan guarantees 120% in the form of land to receive financing; It should also be possible for it to be funded based on a good idea.	Above all, unipersonnelle when a company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should be possible not only receive funding with a guarantee of 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.
I find it quite odd that people are already trying to tie the hands of the Commission regarding the proposed directive, while the same call on him to present a green paper on the current situation regarding plans supplemental medical insurance and optional.	It seems a bit strange that now trying to force the Commission a draft resolution and ask the same time to prepare a green paper on the current state of safe and voluntary supplementary insurance.
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything, so competition is not completely free, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market can not solve all and, in this sense, can not be a competition without limits.
Surely it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor and it is true that in this case, the American proposal was a third proposal which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Surely it was better that we have to have an agreement that is bad agreement and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal for the reduction, totally unacceptable for Europe.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favor of more transparency.	Let&#39;s welcome the fact that Parliament has managed to bring together a large majority in favor of greater transparency.
On the contrary, it is reducing the influence of national democracies on the other restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of national democracies decreases in force increasingly limit the right of veto and to give more and more power in the EU Parliament.
The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations and therefore of enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations and therefore the &#39;.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this statement for dialogue, to access our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be left in the past.	I invite you to Prague to seize this invitation, this request for dialogue, to respond and to ensure that, together with this house, they may be abandoned these relics of a nationalist era.
Who apart from enhanced cooperation actually they receive the same freedom as the back seat passengers of a car.	Those who refuse to closer cooperation to enjoy the same freedom of movement passengers in the back seat of a car.
That changed to criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Criticism, especially from Ireland and France, the British Treasury Minister has given a new interpretation: now would be a tax for all users, including truckers in the UK.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency had restructured first and then had scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured be dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines approach.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by mainstreaming and specific guidelines approach.
This rule applies equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can be applied to all récréationnelles but dangerous drugs as drug use should be the one to take risks.
When faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly on procedures for the registration of non-governmental organizations for participation in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and decided by the General Assembly in connection with non-governmental organizations accreditation form, the preparation process and the special session in September 2001.
Especially when a sole proprietorship or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, you should not need to provide loan guarantees 120% in the form of land to receive financing; It should also be possible for it to be funded based on a good idea.	Especially when a company or a company with fewer than 250 a project, it should be possible not only means a guarantee of 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has striven for a long time, is the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit.	The creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit is a step in the right direction, not aspiring to the European Parliament for a long time already.
(Applause)	And I answered at this point and I fully endorse what he said about the need to significantly improve public debate. I will not go back on what I said, but it is true that, too often, foreign citizens feel with the decisions made on the authorities not know.
These objectives, the main and secondary, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the secondary primary goal and objectives, represent the key stone which allows to consider specific proposals put forward by the Commission.
When faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given the commitment of Member States to follow a course of action designed to develop what could be called a European culture of police, based on the highest standards of service, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	From the first, on this subject, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is in relation to the Member States to promote action to what we might consider as a culture, in estándarles concerning respect for the rights and freedoms of citizens and effective in fighting crime.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to discuss the joint resolution of course.
These objectives, the main and secondary, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the goal of primary and secondary objectives, the cornerstone of allowing us judge the concrete proposals of the Commission.
on the situation in Burma	on the situation in Burma.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament had been heard better if, in anticipation that the Council of Nice, had devoted a specific resolution and separately for these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points of the Council agenda his voice.	Withdrawing our resolution, however express the conviction that our Parliament better would have made their voices heard at the same time spent by Council of Nice, a specific and clear resolution so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference issues, rather than treat them as part of a single resolution also including all other points of the agenda of the Council.
Who apart from enhanced cooperation actually they receive the same freedom as the back seat passengers of a car.	Those who refuse and enjoy the same freedom of movement as passengers in a car.
I know in France have had herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way to go.	I know that in France, the beginning of everything and does not seem the best way to combat this phenomenon.
We must act quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we decided to put this issue on the agenda.
That&#39;s what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, although we have used the flexibility instrument.	That&#39;s what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, if we even used the flexibility instrument.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has striven for a long time, is the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit.	The establishment of a provisional judicial cooperation unit is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament wants a long time.
I urge the French Presidency to make every effort to overcome this gap, because it is extremely destructive.	I urgently call on the French Presidency to do everything in its power to close this gap particularly destructive.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three main areas.	These last weeks, three significant progress was made.
This is no time for the faint of heart.	This is no time to be hesitant.
In fact one could wish for more information and for improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	In fact we want more and better, but I honestly think this is a good start.
I would have also liked the Court of Auditors report which have been a little easier to use and have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would have also liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors a little easier to use and if it had presented clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of ​​incorporating candidate simultaneously as a large group countries, because that would undermine the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Second, we must say &#39;no&#39; to the concept be recognized that the big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would contradict the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
The only case in which no tax is applied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only way for any tax is not seen is the supply in the European Community from third countries.
(Applause)	I have already responded to this point, and I agree completely with what he said about the need to significantly improve the public debate will not repeat what I said, but it is true that, too often, citizens feel alienated decisions made in bodies that do not know.
In this situation, there is an inescapable for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment need.	Given these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
My party has serious reservations about Community law applicable to the sale of consumer products, compared with applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through Community legislation, as expressed reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
In this situation, there is an inescapable for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment need.	In this situation, it is essential the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but has very courageously found a solution to the issue of the University and many other issues, the government needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, more peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take; However, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, has visible signs of success and strong support, otherwise threatened peace in the region as a whole.
The only case in which no tax is applied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case that no tax is still observed delivery in the European Community from a third country.
It is a matter of utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted it very little public attention.	The task, however, is capital not to arouse a keen interest on behalf of the public opinion yet.
It will be tested on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	He is on trial on 8 January is accused him of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opposition in France, which also denies.
When faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When faced with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle.
B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr, on behalf of the group of European Socialists and the group of the Party of European Socialists, a Spanish in negotiations with;
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency had restructured first and then had scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency had restructured first then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
Worst of all, I think, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favor may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, however, there is nothing worse than having to inform people that a ruling in their favor can only be a series of reassurances and have no practical effect on their existence.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united Europe.	(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united Europe.
Or we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	We are not part of the club, or we are not and therefore we must bow to that decision.
It is an embarrassing situation when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernized business practice.	This is a disgrace when you think that the European Union poses a champion of modernization of economic life.
That&#39;s what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, although we have used the flexibility instrument.	This is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis while returning in Article 272; the financial perspective were maintained, although we have used the flexibility instrument.
The statements must be followed concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be followed by concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to discuss the joint resolution which obviously going to vote.
I urge the French Presidency to make every effort to overcome this gap, because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency must do everything possible to reduce the particularly destructive gap.
It is a matter of utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted it very little public attention.	The most urgent task, which is, however, still has a keen interest by the public.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this statement for dialogue, to access our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be left in the past.	I invite you to Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, monitor and ensure that, together with this house, it may be abandoned these reliques a nationalist of the time.
Finally, and most controversially, the Committee strongly urged by the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is something that is more controversial, the Committee has called vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
There are, of course, a crucial event, namely that it has made a start with category four and looking for ways how to try, but it is not yet clear whether we have managed to solve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the operator thought processes.	There are, of course, a very important point is the fact that we started in category four with his approach, but still do not know very well if we managed to resolve the issue, not least because the Council does not wish to participate sufficiently in the reflection.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but has very courageously found a solution to the issue of the University and many other issues, the government needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, more peace throughout the region will be under threat.	For this reason I also believe that this reconciliation can sustain. However, the government, who very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, has visible signs of success and strong support, on pain of seeing peace threatened in its entire area.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and is shared by the European s party.	It is defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People&#39;s Party position.
Approval of the minutes of the previous session	Approval of the minutes of the previous session
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(The House accepts the oral amendment)
Thirdly, basically they depend acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the countries and the EU as a whole - and Denmark-demonstrated in dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive impact on individual countries and the EU as a whole dependent perspectives - the example of Denmark is there for us to show - elimination of social and democratic deficits of European policy.
That changed to criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the Minister of Finance, British gave a different interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including drivers of heavy vehicles British transport.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which not only does.
The only case in which no tax is applied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case that no tax is still being EU is one of a - in exchange for a third country.
(The session was suspended at 14:06 and resumed at 15)	(The meeting was stopped with 14:06, it is taken again to 15)
I know in France have had herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way to go.	I know that in France, the beginning of the demolition of the entire herd was applied and does not seem the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	No Question 6 by (H-0886/00):
In 1996 the European Parliament came out in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal throughout the European Union according to the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament decided in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, according to the precautionary principle, if only we had heard.
Knowledge of foreign languages ​​is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It remembers that knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a necessary condition for mobility.
I have also voted against a text which provides for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the fundamental charter of rights in the treaty to be approved in Nice future.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighborly Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed an extremely positive way the tough neighborhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
The worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the job desperation because they have no way to continue to provide for themselves.	The situation is worse when it comes to distant countries women who have accepted this work of necessity and have no alternative but to continue to meet their basic needs.
This is no time for the faint of heart.	This is not the time to take hesitantly.
The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations and therefore of enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations and therefore of enlargement.
If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must now intervene with money and concrete actions not just words.
The Council of Europe, together with the human rights court, has extensive experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has solid experience in this regard such forms of control and can take as a base.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur &#39;s initial and shared statement by a number of members is to promote standards and codes of conduct are needed to establish between forms of insurers costs organization on a mutual basis providing all the world with guaranteed access to high quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk selection and customer access.	The other point of view, illustrated by the comments made by the rapporteur and colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct for dialogue, including a good supply to ensure the provision of good practices and to counter the risk of practices discriminatory and a number of risks and customers.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines approach.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the gender mainstreaming approach and specific guidelines for gender mainstreaming.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given the commitment of Member States to follow a course of action designed to develop what could be called a European culture of police, based on the highest standards of service, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	From the first thoughts on this subject, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission commits Member States to promote actions to develop what we could consider a European culture of police, based on the highest standards in terms of ethics, respect for citizens&#39; rights and freedoms and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries of the European Union.	It is a policy of this kind that I wish other states of the European Union.
We must act quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we decided to put this issue on the agenda.
Mr President, I would like to focus on my speech Ms. Lalumière &#39;s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, I will focus my intervention in the report of Ms. LalumiÃšre report, which I think is well thought out and clearly formulated.
This is no time for the faint of heart.	This is not the time to be hesitant.
Do you think that the Austrian model, the resolutions of the majority that is bilateral, will be used in the future as a way to pass the resolutions that the European institutions bypass and form a new institution or a new group to circumvent unanimity in the Advice?	Do you think that the model of the &quot;-&quot; - ie the majority - will be in the future as a means to take in ignoring the European institutions and a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent the rule of unanimity in the Advice?
This is our priority fight to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority fight to the assertion of fundamental rights is implemented in political decisions.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries of the European Union.	It is an evolution of this kind that hopefully in other States of the European Union.
Who apart from enhanced cooperation actually they receive the same freedom as the back seat passengers of a car.	Enhanced cooperation deniers enjoy the same freedom of movement passengers in the back seat of a car.
My party has serious reservations about Community law applicable to the sale of consumer products, compared with applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer products through Community legislation, which has reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
really it should be a focal point of the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It must be real brain coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence in food security at regional level.
Approval of the minutes of the previous session	Approval of the minutes of the previous session
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has striven for a long time, is the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit.	The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament is aiming for a long time.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that wanted to join forces with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not to remain in the second group and it is logical that wants to join the Union while the Czech Republic.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three main areas.	In recent weeks, it has made significant progress three.
When faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When faced with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle.
We&#39;ll have to talk with a disagreeable voice in the WTO.	Let&#39;s talk with a grace voice within the WTO.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly on procedures for the registration of non-governmental organizations for participation in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	We are pleased with those proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and decided by the General Assembly on the mode of accreditation of NGOs, with the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001 arrangements.
It is an embarrassing situation when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernized business practice.	This is a shame when we think that the European Union presents itself as the champion of modernization of economic life.
I think that France has set an excellent example of finally deciding to take this step.	Exemplary meeting that France will be resolved to take this step.
(Applause)	I have already answered at this point and I fully support what has been said about the need to improve public debate and not going back on what I said, but it is true that, too often, citizens feel the decisions made in the authorities do not know.
In my own name and on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries, I beg you, Madam President, to send Parliament &#39;s condolences to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany and Marín, Galicia, from which the most victims.	Madam President, I ask, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my behalf, to send a message of sympathy on behalf of Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in Britain and Marin, city of Galicia, where they originate most of the victims.
Mr. President, we take great care in preparing the report of the deputy in the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and home affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs has prepared very carefully the report of the deputy.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and is shared by the European s party.	This is defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People&#39;s Party position.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united Europe.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and unified Europe.
Mr President, I would like to focus on my speech Ms. Lalumière &#39;s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr. President, in my speech I will focus on the report of Ms. Lalumière report which I think is well thought out and clearly formulated.
In this situation, there is an inescapable for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment need.	Given these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, it should be strengthened complement of staff attached interdepartmental group to the Secretariat of the Commission as soon as possible in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when the college of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299, examining a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Therefore, it is urgent that labor interdepartmental group very quickly are reinforced with the dog of the General Secretariat of the Commission, so that all bills of general application may be accompanied, for consideration by the College on the basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, of a detailed impact statement.
There are, of course, a crucial event, namely that it has made a start with category four and looking for ways how to try, but it is not yet clear whether we have managed to solve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the operator thought processes.	There are, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have started the title four with his approach, but still do not know very well if we can solve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm welcome they have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of treaties.	First, a simplification and clarification of treaties.
really it should be a focal point of the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It should be the real brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence in food security at regional level.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	They have sunken Greek ships, without there being the slightest storm in your neighborhood, Mr. Gayssot.
B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas.
Since there is still uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action should be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken.
In this situation, there is an inescapable for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment need.	Given these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
Do you think that the Austrian model, the resolutions of the majority that is bilateral, will be used in the future as a way to pass the resolutions that the European institutions bypass and form a new institution or a new group to circumvent unanimity in the Advice?	Do you think that govern the Austrian &#39;model&#39; - the majority decisions to be taken on the bilateral future - will be a tool to make decisions ignoring the European institutions and establish a new institution or a new group, to to circumvent unanimity in the Council?
Thirdly, basically they depend acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the countries and the EU as a whole - and Denmark-demonstrated in dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Third: the positive acceptance of enlargement and its prospects for individual countries and the EU as a whole depends largely - the example of Denmark this must be tested - elimination of social and democratic deficits of European policy.
Who apart from enhanced cooperation actually they receive the same freedom as the back seat passengers of a car.	Those who reject enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers back seat of the car.
The joint debate is closed.	The joint debate is closed.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a dictatorship.
If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must now intervene with money and concrete actions not just words.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	No question 6 (h 0886/00):
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united Europe.	Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united Europe.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm welcome they have given us.	In this cooperation, for your support and for your kind welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thanks.
This rule applies equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also be applied to all récréationnelles but dangerous drugs as the drug is the only risk.
If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must now intervene with money and concrete actions and not just words.
The House had also fought, however, for reducing the funds available for innovative measures should be compensated by the resources of the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a statement on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement.	Parliament, however, also fought for this reduction in funds allocated to innovative measures is offset by the use of flexible framework, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
A Feira, the Council considered the countries participating in the stabilization and association process as potential candidates for accession to the European Union.	In Feira, he recognized the quality of the potential candidate countries participating in the stabilization and association process.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of chaos and we must begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson we should keep this Parliament in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that maritime laws are, worldwide, in a state of disorder, and that we must seize with the task of bringing order that .
Approval of the minutes of the previous session	Approval of the official report of the previous session
Thirdly, basically they depend acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the countries and the EU as a whole - and Denmark-demonstrated in dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for individual countries and the EU as a whole depends - the example of Denmark is there for us to demonstrate this - the elimination of social and democratic deficits of European policy.
After all, it is not at all certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in Member States are very satisfactory.	In fact, there is absolutely no doubt that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another, because the definitions in the Member States usadoen now all widely enough.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, it should be strengthened complement of staff attached interdepartmental group to the Secretariat of the Commission as soon as possible in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when the college of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299, examining a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Therefore, it is imperative that the interdepartmental group very quickly, of the Commission for all proposals to act may be, for consideration by the force on the basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, a detailed impact.
(The session was suspended at 14:06 and resumed at 15)	(The session was suspended at 14h 06 and resumed at 15)
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review annually the implementation of the program.	Finally Accommodate favorable to give us an annual event in order to take stock of the implementation program œuvre idea.
A Feira, the Council considered the countries participating in the stabilization and association process as potential candidates for accession to the European Union.	In Feira, it has recognized the quality of the potential candidate countries participating in the stabilization and association process.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to discuss the joint resolution which obviously going to vote.
And I say loud and clear: Kostunica must have his chance here and I therefore hope that will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but in the meantime, I want the introduction of these two new budget lines, democratization and reconstruction, to go accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say very clearly: it is necessary to give opportunity to Kostunica and I hope as this is responsible for an amnesty for weeks or months to come; But in the meantime, I wish however that, on the political and budgetary term plan, political conditions along with the introduction of these two special budget headings, namely: democratization and reconstruction.
We have started to exchange ideas on this issue, which has emerged that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We began discussions on this subject, demonstrating that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organize ourselves to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	We must organize ourselves in fifteen Member States, to welcome in good condition for countries that are knocking at our door.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, sir police chief.
Who apart from enhanced cooperation actually they receive the same freedom as the back seat passengers of a car.	Enhanced cooperation deniers enjoy the same freedom of movement as passengers in the back seat of a car.
The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations and therefore of enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations and therefore of enlargement.
Mr President, the Commission &#39;s attitude towards the right of access to documents can be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents .	Mr. President, we know that the position of the Commission on public access to documents to read the internal manual, which was presented on 11 October, Commission officials to explain how they were to deal with requests from members on access to documents.
The House had also fought, however, for reducing the funds available for innovative measures should be compensated by the resources of the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a statement on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also fought for this reduction in funds for innovative measures should be compensated for the use of the flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	Obviously we must determine the reasons for the increasing incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
It must be respected and protected. &quot;	It must be respected and protected.
Finally, and most controversially, the Committee strongly urged by the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a controversial issue, the Committee has requested vigorously to make use of fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
The statements must be followed concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The debate should be followed by concrete measures to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime actions.
B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;	B5-0794 / 2000, Mr. Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, on behalf of the European group of European Socialists, in retirement in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;
On the other hand, we would like to have an opportunity to show Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognizing the principles of genuine democracy.	In addition, we have the opportunity to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop their own constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognize the true democratic principles.
That&#39;s what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, although we have used the flexibility instrument.	That&#39;s what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspectives have remained, if we even used the flexibility instrument.
This rule applies equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also be applied to all récréationnelles but dangerous drugs as long as the drug is the only run the risks.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines approach.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the gender mainstreaming approach and specific guidelines for gender mainstreaming.
We&#39;ll have to talk with a disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We will speak with one voice at the WTO disgracieuse.
let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organize ourselves to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us organize a 15 to welcome suitable for countries that are knocking at our door conditions.
I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, his clear and comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, his clear and comprehensive report.
Especially when a sole proprietorship or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, you should not need to provide loan guarantees 120% in the form of land to receive financing; It should also be possible for it to be funded based on a good idea.	Especially when a sole proprietorship or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should be possible to receive funding not only to guarantee 120%, but only on the basis of a good idea.
(Applause)	I have already answered at this point and I fully agree with what you said about the need to dramatically improve public debate and will not repeat what I said, but it is true that, too often, citizens feel alienated decisions taken in the organs they do not know.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united Europe.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a continent united and strong Europe.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but has very courageously found a solution to the issue of the University and many other issues, the government needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, more peace throughout the region will be under threat.	For this reason I also believe that this reconciliation can sustain. However, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue and many other issues, needs visible signs of success for a strong support for peace throughout the region.
I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, his clear and comprehensive report.	I thank the Rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, in his clear and comprehensive report.
But I would say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
Even you will not be incorporated into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be left out.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty showing that this text should be put aside.
I urge the French Presidency to make every effort to overcome this gap, because it is extremely destructive.	Launched an urgent appeal to the French Presidency to do everything that is in its ability to fill this particular destroying the trench.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency had restructured first and then had scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the first and then inequality of opportunity.
On the contrary, it is reducing the influence of national democracies on the other restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the influence of national democracies falls increasingly limit the right of veto and to always give more power to the EU Parliament.
Finally, and most controversially, the Committee strongly urged by the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a controversial issue, the Commission to make use of the procedure for the application of this legislation.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of treaties.	Firstly, simplification and clarification of treaties.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries of the European Union.	This evolution is that I hope the other Member States of the European Union.
Mr President, I voted for the report García-Margallo y Marfil on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted for the report García-Margallo y Marfil, which relates to the taxation of services provided electronically.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of treaties.	First, a simplification of the treaties.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but has very courageously found a solution to the issue of the University and many other issues, the government needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, more peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can, however, the government, which has very courageously a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, visible needs signs of success and strong support, otherwise peace threatened in the region as a whole.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is a point for which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more stringent provisions. It is especially on this point that we have introduced amendments.
I think that France has set an excellent example of finally deciding to take this step.	I think it is exemplary that France is determined to take that step.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighborly Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkable positive difficult neighborhood, which has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
It will be tested on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	Whether this happens in court on January 8. He is accused of having attended a meeting of Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.
I would have also liked the Court of Auditors report which have been a little easier to use and have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would have liked to see the report also fuse the Court of accounts a little easier to use and have made some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
These objectives, the main and secondary, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the primary and secondary objectives, will be the criterion to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right of a government arbitrarily remove its Constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny.
These objectives, the main and secondary, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the secondary goal and objectives, shall represent the touchstone of enabling us to consider the specific proposals made by the Commission.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It&#39;s just that the Committee on Legal Affairs of the denial of a roof and the maintenance of a minimum rate that can not be 7%.
We have started to exchange ideas on this issue, which has emerged that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have begun to have exchanges on this subject, where it appears that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek vases flowed without any storm around, Mr Gayssot.
B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;	B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on Colombia removal of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;
let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organize ourselves to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	We will organize fifteen years to welcome you in good conditions to countries knocking at our door.
We&#39;ll have to talk with a disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with one voice Language-describe within the WTO.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm welcome they have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Europe, the French Presidency would like to thank.
This is our priority fight to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our priority fight to the assertion of fundamental rights has found expression in political decisions.
I would have also liked the Court of Auditors report which have been a little easier to use and have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would have also liked the report of the Court of Auditors is a little nicer and had made some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
Worst of all, I think, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favor may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, however, there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling in their favor could not have been a series of réconfortants words and have concrete consequences of their existence.
I find it quite odd that people are already trying to tie the hands of the Commission regarding the proposed directive, while the same call on him to present a green paper on the current situation regarding plans supplemental medical insurance and optional.	It seems a bit strange from now wants to oblige the Commission with a draft resolution and ask the same time establish a green paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary health insurance.
Keep up the pressure and are strengthening their position with the revenue they generate to deliver more than 150 grams mail.	They will continue to exert pressure. The money they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grams can strengthen its position.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned no action to show that we really consider Kostunica to be the only legally elected representative of the Serbian people and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner and provides steps to show that we consider Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and the partner with which the European Union must address now.
There has been a budget for the funding of demining programs and prevention mine for many years.	A budget line with funding for mine clearance and prevention programs for years.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what steps the Presidency of the European Council intends to take in order to play a more active role in order to ensure full and complete implementation of the peace plan from the ONU?	What requested by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, these initiatives of the Presidency of the European Council will play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?
(Applause)	I have already answered at this point and I fully agree with what you said about the need to dramatically improve public debate that I will not return to what I said, but it is true that, too often, citizens feel foreign to the decisions take organs do not know.
People with the same issues in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The economic activities of the links between people.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur &#39;s initial and shared statement by a number of members is to promote standards and codes of conduct are needed to establish between forms of insurers costs organization on a mutual basis providing all the world with guaranteed access to high quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk selection and customer access.	The other point of view, illustrated by the original of the Rapporteur and shared words by many colleagues, is to promote standards and codes of conduct necessary to establish, among insurers, forms of cost mutual guaranteeing all the services of a good quality of care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
While employment may be the European Union &#39;s priority policy, fisheries, as another of the economic, can not remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, the fishing industry, as the economic sector, can not remain on the sidelines.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, it should be strengthened complement of staff attached interdepartmental group to the Secretariat of the Commission as soon as possible in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when the college of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299, examining a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Therefore, it is urgent that the staff interservice group should be strengthened very quickly in the heart of the General Secretariat of the Commission for all proposals which the act of general application may be accompanied, for consideration by the College on the basis of Article 299, a declaration of detailed impact.
People with the same issues in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between people.
The House had also fought, however, for reducing the funds available for innovative measures should be compensated by the resources of the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a statement on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement.	This house but also fought for this reduction in funds allocated to innovative measures is offset by the use of the framework of flexibility, as defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are plowed back into public services, will last.	Safeguarding universal service to the help of a compensation fund that would make it possible to participate in private benefits for the benefit of the public service is likely to be long.
Especially when a sole proprietorship or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, you should not need to provide loan guarantees 120% in the form of land to receive financing; It should also be possible for it to be funded based on a good idea.	Especially, when a unipersonnelle company or a company with fewer than 250 employees is a project, it should be possible not only receive funding with a guarantee of 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.
I would have also liked the Court of Auditors report which have been a little easier to use and have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors FUSSE somewhat easier to use and has been presented clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines approach.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar of the approach the approach taken by gender and patterns.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines approach.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the gender mainstreaming the gender perspective and specific guidance lines approach.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by indigenous peoples all-Ijaw of instigating violence against them and paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, indigenous all-Ijaw accused Chevron to incite violence against them and paying Nigerian soldiers to draw protesters at the Warri naval base.
On the other hand, we would like to have an opportunity to show Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognizing the principles of genuine democracy.	In addition, we have the opportunity to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop the only constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognizing the true democratic principles.
It is a matter of utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted it very little public attention.	The task, which is essential, has not been a great interest by the public.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that wanted to join forces with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
All those who are in this illicit work would obtain work they engaged with decent social conditions.	All those who are working to get a job undeclared decent social conditions.
But I would say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	But I would like to tell the House this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighborly Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed in a positive way extremely difficult neighborhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
Mr President, I voted for the report García-Margallo y Marfil on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which relates to the taxation of services provided electronically.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, it should be strengthened complement of staff attached interdepartmental group to the Secretariat of the Commission as soon as possible in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when the college of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299, examining a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Therefore, it is urgent that the staff interdepartmental group very quickly consolidated in the heart of the Secretariat of the Commission, so that all the proposed general scope act may be accompanied by the University in its discussion on the basis of Article 299 , paragraph 2 detailed a fiche d&#39;Impact.
These objectives, the main and secondary, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the overall objective and secondary objectives represent the touchstone allowing us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
After all, it is not at all certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in Member States are very satisfactory.	In fact, it is absolutely true that the definition of fair prices proposed is better than another, because different definitions currently used in all Member States are very suitable.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united Europe.	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and unified Europe.
UK Labour Members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of its contribution to the work of the IGC on enhanced cooperation, without endorsing every detail.	-work British members of the European Socialists welcome the contribution welcomed the continued work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without fully adhere to all the details.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but has very courageously found a solution to the issue of the University and many other issues, the government needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, more peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why we believe that this reconciliation can take. However, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other issues, needs visible signs of success and strong support, otherwise threatened peace throughout the region.
Surely it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor and it is true that in this case, the American proposal was a third proposal which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Surely worth is better not to reach an agreement that will have an agreement that is wrong and in this case the US proposal was a watered-down proposal unacceptable to Europe.
We&#39;ll have to talk with a disagreeable voice in the WTO.	Disgracieuse speak with one voice within the WTO.
We have started to exchange ideas on this issue, which has emerged that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We started having exchanges on this issue, from which it appears that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
If a binding on the Member States clear framework is defined, there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear and binding framework for Member States, different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period tests.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review annually the implementation of the program.	Finally, I welcome the idea of ​​giving an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the program.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by indigenous peoples all-Ijaw of instigating violence against them and paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the All-Ijaw indigenous accused Chevron to encourage violence against them and go so far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw protesters at the Warri naval base.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The report aims to identify such improvements.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly on procedures for the registration of non-governmental organizations for participation in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	We welcome the measures proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and decided by the General Assembly with respect to the accreditation of non-governmental organizations, with the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
We must act quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is an urgent matter and is to this that we have to put this item to the agenda.
Who apart from enhanced cooperation actually they receive the same freedom as the back seat passengers of a car.	Those who reject enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as passengers in the back seat of a car.
The statements must be followed concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	Statements must be accompanied by measures to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations and therefore of enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations and expand.
Since there is still uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action should be taken.	We must be aware today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be taken.
The only case in which no tax is applied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case still no tax is levied is the shipment in the European Community from a third country.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what steps the Presidency of the European Council intends to take in order to play a more active role in order to ensure full and complete implementation of the peace plan from the ONU?	How the European Parliament called in its resolution of 16 March 2000, planning initiatives of the Presidency of the European Council intends to play a more active role in order to ensure full implementation and UN peacekeeping?
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is a point for which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more stringent provisions. This is particularly at this point we have tabled amendments.
If a binding on the Member States clear framework is defined, there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear and binding framework for Member States, the various systems have to meet these requirements must be over a long period of adjustment with the test.
The Council of Europe, together with the human rights court, has extensive experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has solid experience with these forms of control. We can take as a base.
In my own name and on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries, I beg you, Madam President, to send Parliament &#39;s condolences to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany and Marín, Galicia, from which the most victims.	Madam President, I beg you, on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in Britain and Marin, city of Galicia, where most of the victims.
A Feira, the Council considered the countries participating in the stabilization and association process as potential candidates for accession to the European Union.	In Feira, it has recognized the quality of the potential candidate countries participating in the stabilization and association process.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighborly Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkable positive difficult neighborhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratization measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more imperative the need to promote measures for democratization, strengthening institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, it should be strengthened complement of staff attached interdepartmental group to the Secretariat of the Commission as soon as possible in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when the college of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299, examining a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Therefore, it is urgent that the staff interdepartmental group very quickly consolidated in the heart of the Secretariat of the Commission for the entire general measure proposed may be accompanied, for consideration by the College on the basis of Article 299 (2), a detail of fiche d&#39;Impact.
Since there is still uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action should be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be taken.
It is a matter of utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted it very little public attention.	The task, which is the capital, has not yet been a keen interest by the public.
B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this statement for dialogue, to access our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be left in the past.	I urge Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue to follow up and to ensure that, together with this house, they may be abandoned these relics of a nationalist era.
Since there is still uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action should be taken.	You need to know today, as we are always in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken.
Mr President, the Commission &#39;s attitude towards the right of access to documents can be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents .	Mr. President, we need to know the position of the Commission regarding public access to documents on the reading of the internal Manuel has been presented, on 11 October, the Commission officials to explain how they deal with requests members on access to documents.
Mr. President, we take great care in preparing the report of the deputy in the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and home affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs has carefully prepared the report of the deputy.
I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, his clear and comprehensive report.	I would like to thank the Rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
While employment may be the European Union &#39;s priority policy, fisheries, as another of the economic, can not remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the policy of the Union, the community, as a sector, can not remain on the sidelines.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is a point for which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that we can also stay in force more stringent provisions, but particularly at this point we have tabled amendments.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of chaos and we must begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson for us in this house in its discussion this morning is that we are forced to conclude that maritime laws in the world, in a state of control, and we went down to the task of putting its house in order.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly on procedures for the registration of non-governmental organizations for participation in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and decided by the General Assembly in connection with the method of non-governmental organizations accreditation and the preparatory process for the special session in September 2001.
A Feira, the Council considered the countries participating in the stabilization and association process as potential candidates for accession to the European Union.	In Feira, he recognized the quality of the candidate with the countries participating in the process of stabilization and association.
It is an embarrassing situation when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernized business practice.	It is a disgrace when we think that the European Union poses a champion of modernization of economic life.
I would have also liked the Court of Auditors report which have been a little easier to use and have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I wish also see the report of the Court of Auditors was a little easier to use and that he had presented a number of clear recommendations, for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
A Feira, the Council considered the countries participating in the stabilization and association process as potential candidates for accession to the European Union.	In it, he has recognized the quality of potential candidates for accession of the countries participating in the stabilization and association process.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament had been heard better if, in anticipation that the Council of Nice, had devoted a specific resolution and separately for these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points of the Council agenda his voice.	Withdrawing our resolution, however I am convinced that our Parliament would have been better than their voices heard by passing, by the Council of Nice, a specific resolution and separately so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference issues, rather than trying with them in the context of a single resolution also including all other issues on the agenda of the Council.
People with the same issues in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between peoples.
There are, of course, a crucial event, namely that it has made a start with category four and looking for ways how to try, but it is not yet clear whether we have managed to solve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the operator thought processes.	There are, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun category four with his approach, but still do not know very well if we can solve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate in the debate.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favor of more transparency.	It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in bringing together a large majority in favor of greater transparency.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm welcome they have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and for your welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European institutions, the French Presidency thanks.
If a binding on the Member States clear framework is defined, there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear and binding framework for Member States, the various systems must meet these requirements should have a longer test period.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been approved, does not reflect it.
The worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the job desperation because they have no way to continue to provide for themselves.	Things are getting worse when it comes to women from distant countries who have accepted this work of necessity and have no alternative but to continue offering its vital needs.
I know in France have had herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way to go.	I know that in France, has applied the principle of the slaughter of the entire herd, and this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and then, of course, we can not vote for him.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we can not endorse.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review annually the implementation of the program.	Finally, I welcome the idea of ​​giving an annual meeting to take stock of the implementation of the program.
But I would say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would say home this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
That&#39;s what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, although we have used the flexibility instrument.	That&#39;s what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis to Article 272, the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we use the flexibility instrument.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighborly Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkable positive difficult neighborhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given the commitment of Member States to follow a course of action designed to develop what could be called a European culture of police, based on the highest standards of service, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the initial thoughts on this subject, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote actions to develop what could be considered as a European culture of police, which focused in the highest standards in the field of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of peopleand effectiveness in the fight against crime.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly on procedures for the registration of non-governmental organizations for participation in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and decided by the General Assembly in connection with the method of accreditation of non-governmental organizations, the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
That changed to criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with criticism, particularly those of Ireland and France, the British Finance Minister gave a new interpretation of it: it could be now on a tax for all users, including British truck drivers.
Mr. President, we take great care in preparing the report of the deputy in the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and home affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs has prepared the report of the deputy carefully.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratization measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more urgent the need to promote democratization measures, strengthening institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which just adopted does not reflect.
People with the same issues in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The joint economic activity creates peaceful links between peoples.
The only case in which no tax is applied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case that no tax is still not seen is one of supply in the European Community from a third country.
But I would say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would like to tell the House this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union is spending 1% of GDP in the Member States and that most of this money is managed in Member States .
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to dismiss a government arbitrarily its constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.
This rule applies equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This could also apply to all drugs but dangerous to the extent that the drug is the only one to take risks.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	It is obviously necessary to clarify the reasons for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
In fact one could wish for more information and for improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	In fact we want more and better, but I sincerely believe that is a good start.
The statements must be followed concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be followed by specific measures to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime actions.
I know in France have had herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way to go.	I know that in France, the sacrifice of all herds principle was applied and does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
(The session was suspended at 14:06 and resumed at 15)	(The sitting was suspended on resumed 15)
Keep up the pressure and are strengthening their position with the revenue they generate to deliver more than 150 grams mail.	They will continue to exert pressure on the money they earned with distribution beyond the limits of 150 grams allows them to improve their position.
I have also voted against a text which provides for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which requires the integration of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the treaty to be approved in Nice future.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, passed.	Mr. President, my dear colleagues, I would like to take part in the common resolution clearly yes.
It will be tested on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	He is on trial on 8 January. He is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opposition in France, which incidentally is excluded.
I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, his clear and comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
Mr President, the Commission &#39;s attitude towards the right of access to documents can be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents .	Mr. President, we can hear the position of the Commission on public access to documents of the internal manual, which was filed on October 11, officials of the Commission in order to explain how to deal with requests from members regarding access to documents.
In 1996 the European Parliament came out in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal throughout the European Union according to the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament declared in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, according to the precautionary principle - if only we had heard.
I find it quite odd that people are already trying to tie the hands of the Commission regarding the proposed directive, while the same call on him to present a green paper on the current situation regarding plans supplemental medical insurance and optional.	It seems a bit strange that now require the Commission a draft resolution and ask the same time to prepare a green paper on the current state of the safe and voluntary supplementary health insurance.
Do you think that the Austrian model, the resolutions of the majority that is bilateral, will be used in the future as a way to pass the resolutions that the European institutions bypass and form a new institution or a new group to circumvent unanimity in the Advice?	Do you think that the Austrian model &#39;&#39; will - namely bilateral majority decision - in the future an instrument to make decisions ignoring the European institutions and start a new institution or a new group, to circumvent the rule of unanimity in the advice?
Knowledge of foreign languages ​​is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is accepted that language knowledge is a reference to mobility.
This is no time for the faint of heart.	This is no time to be hesitant.
The Council of Europe, together with the human rights court, has extensive experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the human rights court, the Council of Europe also has solid experience in terms of these forms of control. We can to the base.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is a point for which we have tabled amendments.	It is unclear at this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more stringent provisions. This is particularly at this point we have tabled amendments.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is true that the Commission on legal affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and a floor rate which may not be less than 7%.
The Council of Europe, together with the human rights court, has extensive experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience with these forms of control that can take it as a base.
Mr President, the Commission &#39;s attitude towards the right of access to documents can be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents .	Mr. President, we can not know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in the reading of the Commission has been postponed, on 11 October, the Commission officials to explain the way in which they had to contend with requests in this regard access to documents.
If a binding on the Member States clear framework is defined, there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear and binding framework for Member States, different systems to meet these requirements should be a long trial period.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development that was heavily dependent on borrowed capital.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but has very courageously found a solution to the issue of the University and many other issues, the government needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, more peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, and the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other issues, needs visible signs of success and strong support, otherwise peace threatened in the region as a whole.
That&#39;s what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, although we have used the flexibility instrument.	This is what we have done: we have a budget crisis coming to Article 272; the financial perspectives have remained, if we even used the flexibility instrument.
In this situation, there is an inescapable for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment need.	Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
I know in France have had herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way to go.	I know that in France, has applied the principle of the slaughter of the entire herd and this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review annually the implementation of the program.	Finally, I welcome the idea of ​​giving an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the program.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and then, of course, we can not vote for him.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be exactly opposite and obviously we can not approve it.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has striven for a long time, is the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation unit.	The creation of a provisional judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament for a long time.
The worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the job desperation because they have no way to continue to provide for themselves.	Things get worse when it comes to women from distant countries accepted this work of necessity and have no other possibility to continue to provide its vital needs.
If a binding on the Member States clear framework is defined, there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear and binding on the Member States, different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of testing.
The statements must be followed concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be accompanied by measures to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
It is a matter of utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted it very little public attention.	The task, however, is the capital, it has not yet attracted much interest from the public.
Or we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	We are not part of the club, or we are not and therefore we should submit to this decision.
let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organize ourselves to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us hold to fifteen years to be able to welcome the conditions that countries knocking at our door.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development that has made heavy reliance on borrowed capital.
I urge the French Presidency to make every effort to overcome this gap, because it is extremely destructive.	I urgently call on the French Presidency to do everything in their power to fill that gap particularly destructive.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency had restructured first and then had scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
In this situation, there is an inescapable for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment need.	Given this, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and is essential.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by indigenous peoples all-Ijaw of instigating violence against them and paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the Ijaw indigenous Chevron has been accused of encouraging violence against them and to go pay Nigerian soldiers to draw protesters at the Warri naval base.
I urge the French Presidency to make every effort to overcome this gap, because it is extremely destructive.	I urgently call on the French Presidency to make every effort to fulfill this particularly destructive gap.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratization measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make it imperative that measures to promote democratization, strengthening institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
The labeling of beef that was agreed, which is a minimum form of labeling and only came into force two months ago, not make it possible for the origin of the animals to interact properly, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labeling of beef has been decided, which is a minimum labeling and it has only been in force for two months, does not make possible to correctly recall the origin of the animals and specified risk material ban late.
The worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the job desperation because they have no way to continue to provide for themselves.	Worse when it comes from distant countries of the woman who accepted this work of necessity and have no choice but to continue offering its vital needs.
On the other hand, we would like to have an opportunity to show Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognizing the principles of genuine democracy.	In addition, we would like the opportunity to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro in Yugoslavia, recognizing the genuine democratic principles.
Keep up the pressure and are strengthening their position with the revenue they generate to deliver more than 150 grams mail.	They will continue to exert pressure. The money they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grams allows them to strengthen their position.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned no action to show that we really consider Kostunica to be the only legally elected representative of the Serbian people and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved from today.	I wonder if the police chief and provides steps that will be shown that consider Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and the partner with whom the European Union shall henceforth to be treated.
We must act quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is urgent and that is why we have decided to put this issue on the agenda.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which just voted, does not reflect it.
In my own name and on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries, I beg you, Madam President, to send Parliament &#39;s condolences to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany and Marín, Galicia, from which the most victims.	Madam President, I beg you, on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany Marin, the city of Galicia , which are in most of the victims.
Worst of all, I think, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favor may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, there is, however, nothing worse than having to warn people that a judgment for them could only be a number of pleasant words and have no practical effect on their existence.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur &#39;s initial and shared statement by a number of members is to promote standards and codes of conduct are needed to establish between forms of insurers costs organization on a mutual basis providing all the world with guaranteed access to high quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk selection and customer access.	The other point of view, illustrated by the original theme of the Rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct to meet, among insurers, forms of mutual cost guarantee all providing good quality care and address risks to see the development of discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
That changed to criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Criticism, especially from Ireland and France, the Minister of Finance has given a new interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including British lorry drivers.
In fact one could wish for more information and for improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	In fact we want more and better, but I honestly think it&#39;s a good start.
B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;	B5 0794/2000 by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia, a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report is to identify such potential improvements.
Even you will not be incorporated into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be left out.	You do not want even integrate it into the Treaty showing that this text should be put aside.
This is our priority fight to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political decisions.
let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organize ourselves to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us, to welcome in good conditions to countries knocking at our door.
Or we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, we are not and we therefore have to comply with this.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned no action to show that we really consider Kostunica to be the only legally elected representative of the Serbian people and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner and provides for measures to show that we consider Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union must address now.
We have started to exchange ideas on this issue, which has emerged that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have begun to have exchanges on this issue, it appears that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
Keep up the pressure and are strengthening their position with the revenue they generate to deliver more than 150 grams mail.	They follow the pressure they earn. money distribution limit of 150 grams can strengthen its position.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given the commitment of Member States to follow a course of action designed to develop what could be called a European culture of police, based on the highest standards of service, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	From the first thoughts on this matter, which were carried out at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission I commits Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider a European police culture, focusing on highest standards in terms of ethics, human rights and freedoms and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given the commitment of Member States to follow a course of action designed to develop what could be called a European culture of police, based on the highest standards of service, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	From the first thoughts on this file, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission undertook to respect the Member States to promote action to develop what we consider as a European police culture, centered highest standards of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of ciudadanosy of effectiveness in the fight against crime.
All those who are in this illicit work would obtain work they engaged with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working in the black would get jobs in decent social conditions.
Mr President, I voted for the report García-Margallo y Marfil on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which relates to the taxation of services provided electronically.
Mr President, the Commission &#39;s attitude towards the right of access to documents can be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents .	Mr. President, we know that the position of the Commission on public access to documents in the internal manual, which was filed on October 11, Commission officials to explain how to handle applications by members on access to documents.
This rule applies equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also apply to all récréationnelles but dangerous insofar drug is the only drug to take risks.
I think that France has set an excellent example of finally deciding to take this step.	Exemplary meeting that France will take this step.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of ​​incorporating candidate simultaneously as a large group countries, because that would undermine the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Second, we must say &quot;no&quot; to the concept big bang that would at the same time supporting an important group of country, because that would conflict with the principle of admission of each country on its merits.
Finally, and most controversially, the Committee strongly urged by the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, there is a more debated issue, the Commission invited to make use of the accelerated procedure to implement this legislation œuvre force.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are plowed back into public services, will last.	Safeguarding universal service compensation fund that would allow private benefits start to the benefit of the civil probably be needed.
The House had also fought, however, for reducing the funds available for innovative measures should be compensated by the resources of the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a statement on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also by these actions background for the use of framework, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
Especially when a sole proprietorship or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, you should not need to provide loan guarantees 120% in the form of land to receive financing; It should also be possible for it to be funded based on a good idea.	Especially, when a unipersonnelle company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should be possible to benefit from funding not only with a guarantee of 120%, but also on the basis of a simple idea:
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
On the other hand, we would like to have an opportunity to show Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognizing the principles of genuine democracy.	In addition, we would like to be able to show in Europe that are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognizing the true democratic principles.
And I say loud and clear: Kostunica must have his chance here and I therefore hope that will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but in the meantime, I want the introduction of these two new budget lines, democratization and reconstruction, to go accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I would say very clearly: should be given a chance to Kostunica, and therefore hopefully provide an amnesty in the coming weeks or months; But in the meantime, I hope, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely: democratization and reconstruction.
There has been a budget for the funding of demining programs and prevention mine for many years.	A budget line has demining programs and prevention for years.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly on procedures for the registration of non-governmental organizations for participation in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	We commend the proposals in this regard by the Committee and by the United Nations General Assembly in connection with the method of non-governmental organizations and the special session of September 2001 provisions.
I think that France has set an excellent example of finally deciding to take this step.	Exemplary meeting that France has decided to take that step.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament had been heard better if, in anticipation that the Council of Nice, had devoted a specific resolution and separately for these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points of the Council agenda his voice.	Withdrawing our resolution, however I am convinced that Parliament would have done better to lend his voice to the Nice European Council, a specific resolution and separate issues so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal with them in the context of a single resolution also including all other items on the agenda of the Council.
In 1996 the European Parliament came out in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal throughout the European Union according to the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament was in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, according to the precautionary principle - if only we had heard.
We&#39;ll have to talk with a disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO.
The labeling of beef that was agreed, which is a minimum form of labeling and only came into force two months ago, not make it possible for the origin of the animals to interact properly, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labeling of beef has been decided, which is a minimum labeling and which has only been in force two and a half months ago, makes it impossible to trace the origin of animals properly very late and have banned specified risk material.
Surely it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor and it is true that in this case, the American proposal was a third proposal which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Certainly better than no agreement to have an agreement that is wrong and in this case, the American proposal was a proposal diluted in water, which is totally unacceptable for Europe.
Knowledge of foreign languages ​​is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It allows knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a prerequisite to mobility.
Worst of all, I think, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favor may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, there is, however, there is nothing worse than having to warn people a ruling in their favor could be a series of reassurances and have no concrete result of their existence.
Or we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Nor we belong to the club, or we are not and therefore must be packed this decision.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are plowed back into public services, will last.	The preservation of universal service with a compensation fund that would make it possible to start private benefits in the public service will probably much fire.
UK Labour Members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of its contribution to the work of the IGC on enhanced cooperation, without endorsing every detail.	. The British Labour members of the PSE group welcomes the support given to the contribution to the work of the Intergovernmental Committee of enhanced cooperation, without fully adhere to all the details of this.
Mr President, I would like to focus on my speech Ms. Lalumière &#39;s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr. President, I will concentrate in my speech on the report of the report of Ms. Lalumiere, who seems well thought out and clearly formulated.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favor of more transparency.	We should be pleased that Parliament has managed to put together a large majority in favor of greater transparency.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development that made them dependent on borrowed capital.
There has been a budget for the funding of demining programs and prevention mine for many years.	A budget line has demining programs and prevention for years.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is a point for which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, and that is particularly at this point we have tabled amendments.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and is shared by the European s party.	This is defended by the rapporteur and the popular party position.
My party has serious reservations about Community law applicable to the sale of consumer products, compared with applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My serious game and the rules of the sale of consumer products through the community, as establishes the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development that was highly dependent on borrowed capital.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favor of more transparency.	You must be delighted that the Parliament managed to gather a large majority in favor of greater transparency.
That changed to criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	In view of criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the Minister of Finance has given a new interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including British lorry drivers.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of chaos and we must begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson to keep this Assembly in the debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that maritime laws are, worldwide, in a state of disorder, and that we should go to the task of tidying up.
All those who are in this illicit work would obtain work they engaged with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working on the black market for employment in decent social conditions.
On the other hand, we would like to have an opportunity to show Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognizing the principles of genuine democracy.	In addition, we would like the opportunity to demonstrate to Europe that we are in a position that only the cause of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognizing the principles.
Mr President, I voted for the report García-Margallo y Marfil on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which deals with the taxation of services provided electronically.
Thirdly, basically they depend acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the countries and the EU as a whole - and Denmark-demonstrated in dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Third, depends on the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for different countries and the EU as a whole - the example of Denmark is for us to show - largely on the elimination of social and democratic deficits European policy.
Mr President, the Commission &#39;s attitude towards the right of access to documents can be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents .	Mr. President, we know the position of the Commission on access to public documents reading the internal manual that was given on 11 October, with Commission officials to explain how with them that they should treat requests emanating of Members regarding access to documents.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is true that the Commission on legal affairs persists in refusing to shelter and maintaining a minimum rate can not be less than 7%.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are plowed back into public services, will last.	Maintaining universal service means a compensation fund could start private benefits for the benefit of the civil probably try to fire.
Thirdly, basically they depend acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the countries and the EU as a whole - and Denmark-demonstrated in dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for individual countries and the EU as a whole depends - the example of Denmark is here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficits in politics European.
Mr. President, we take great care in preparing the report of the deputy in the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and home affairs.	Mr President, the Commission of citizens and the rights of citizens, justice and home businesses carefully prepared the Karamanou report.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratization measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek more the urgent need to promote measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
Worst of all, I think, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favor may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my eyes, there is however nothing worse than having to inform people who gave a judgment in his favor could be just a series of words of comfort and have no practical consequence in its existence.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament had been heard better if, in anticipation that the Council of Nice, had devoted a specific resolution and separately for these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points of the Council agenda his voice.	To withdraw our resolution, however, I am convinced that our Parliament have been heard to devote, before the Council of Nice, a resolution of his voice and traditional so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating the a single resolution framework also including all other items on the agenda of the Council.
(Applause)	I have already answered at this point, and I fully agree with what you said about the need to significantly improve public debate. I will not repeat what I said, but it is true that, too often, citizens feel alienated from the decisions made in the organs do not know.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three main areas.	These weeks, three important have been achieved.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm welcome they have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and MEPs, the French Presidency thanks.
Mr President, I would like to focus on my speech Ms. Lalumière &#39;s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr. President, I will concentrate in my speech on the report of Ms. Lalumière report seems well and clearly.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships ran, without there being the slightest storm cornices, Mr Gayssot.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratization measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara more imperative the need to promote democratization measures, strengthening institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given the commitment of Member States to follow a course of action designed to develop what could be called a European culture of police, based on the highest standards of service, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	From the first thoughts on this subject, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission commits Member States to promote actions to develop what we could consider as a European culture of police, based on the highest standards in the field of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of ciudadanosy effectiveness in the fight against crime.
let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organize ourselves to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us organize ourselves in 15 minutes to be able to welcome the countries knocking at our door.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and is shared by the European s party.	That is defended by the rapporteur and supported by the European People&#39;s Party position.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favor of more transparency.	Should be delighted that the Parliament with a large majority in favor of greater transparency.
Knowledge of foreign languages ​​is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is accepted that knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a prerequisite to mobility.
I find it quite odd that people are already trying to tie the hands of the Commission regarding the proposed directive, while the same call on him to present a green paper on the current situation regarding plans supplemental medical insurance and optional.	It seems a bit strange from now it wants to oblige the Commission a draft resolution and ask the same time to prepare a green paper on the current state of safe and voluntary supplementary insurance.
But I would say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would say home this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
On the other hand, we would like to have an opportunity to show Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognizing the principles of genuine democracy.	In addition, we would like to be able to show in Europe that are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognize the true democratic principles.
After all, it is not at all certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in Member States are very satisfactory.	In fact, it is not absolutely sure only the definition of fair price proposed is better than another, because different definitions currently used in Member States are sufficiently widely.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right of a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.
I have also voted against a text which provides for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which provides for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the treaty to be adopted in Nice future.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is a point on which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that also remain in force more restrictive measures, which is especially at this point we have tabled amendments.
Do you think that the Austrian model, the resolutions of the majority that is bilateral, will be used in the future as a way to pass the resolutions that the European institutions bypass and form a new institution or a new group to circumvent unanimity in the Advice?	Do you think that &quot;Austrian&quot; model - ie decision-making most bilateral - in the future will be an instrument making it possible to make decisions by being aware of the European institutions and to found a new institution or a new group, to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity in the Council?
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are plowed back into public services, will last.	Safeguarding universal service using compensation funds that would make it possible to participate in private profits for the benefit of the civil probably be needed.
Thirdly, basically they depend acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the countries and the EU as a whole - and Denmark-demonstrated in dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Third: the approval of enlargement and its positive prospects for different countries and the EU as a whole and - in the example of Denmark is for us the point - issues of economic and social policy.
It is an embarrassing situation when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernized business practice.	It&#39;s a shame when they believe that the European Union presents itself as the champion of modernization of life!
My party has serious reservations about Community law applicable to the sale of consumer products, compared with applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through Community legislation, which has reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
In my own name and on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries, I beg you, Madam President, to send Parliament &#39;s condolences to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany and Marín, Galicia, from which the most victims.	Madam President, I ask, on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee and on my own behalf, to send a message from Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in both the city of Galicia, where they are most victims.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this statement for dialogue, to access our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be left in the past.	I ask you to take advantage of this movement, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to give more and ensure that, along with this Assembly, might these relics of a nationalist.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships have sunk without there is the slightest storm in existence, Mr Gayssot.
People with the same issues in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between peoples.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of ​​incorporating candidate simultaneously as a large group countries, because that would undermine the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Second, we must say &quot;no&quot; to the concept of accepting at the same time a large group of countries, because this would contradict the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organize ourselves to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	We can organize for fifteen years to be able to accommodate countries that pulsate with our door under suitable conditions.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify the potential for such improvements.
This is our priority fight to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our priority fight for the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political decisions.
I have also voted against a text which provides for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which provides for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the treaty to be approved in Nice future.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of ​​incorporating candidate simultaneously as a large group countries, because that would undermine the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Second, we must say &#39;no&#39; to the concept bang admit that at the same time, a large group of countries, because that would contradict the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
UK Labour Members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of its contribution to the work of the IGC on enhanced cooperation, without endorsing every detail.	. The British Labour Members of the European Socialist Party group welcomes the support given to the contribution made to the work of the Intergovernmental Committee for enhanced cooperation without fully adhere to all the details.
On the contrary, it is reducing the influence of national democracies on the other restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the influence of national democracies come into effect by restricting the right of veto and increasing the power of Parliament to the EU more.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which just voted, does not reflect it.
This is no time for the faint of heart.	This is not the time to prove.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of treaties.	Initially, a simplification and clarification of treaties.
Since there is still uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action should be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be adopted.
On the contrary, it is reducing the influence of national democracies on the other restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, it is reducing the power of national democracies on the other restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.
UK Labour Members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of its contribution to the work of the IGC on enhanced cooperation, without endorsing every detail.	() British Labour members of the group of European Socialists is very welcome contribution that the ongoing work of the Intergovernmental Committee on cooperation without all the details of this.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighborly Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain became a very positive way the difficult neighborhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of ​​incorporating candidate simultaneously as a large group countries, because that would undermine the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Second, we must say &#39;no&#39; to the explosion of concept that would like to see at the same time admitting a large group of countries, because that would contradict the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
There are, of course, a crucial event, namely that it has made a start with category four and looking for ways how to try, but it is not yet clear whether we have managed to solve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the operator thought processes.	There are, of course, a very important point, is the fact that we started the title four with his approach, but still do not know very well if we can solve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate sufficiently in reflection.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by indigenous peoples all-Ijaw of instigating violence against them and paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, encouraging violence in their jobs and we will pay soldiers to remove the protesters at the base of Warri.
The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations and therefore of enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and therefore of enlargement.
I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, his clear and comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, his clear and comprehensive report.
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything, so competition is not completely free, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything and, in this context, is not or can not be competitive without borders.
In fact one could wish for more information and for improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	We can, in fact, we want more and better, but I think it is a good start.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	No wonder is that the Committee on Legal Affairs and rights of citizens persists in rejecting a roof and in maintaining a minimum rate can not be less than 7%.
We have started to exchange ideas on this issue, which has emerged that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have begun to have discussions on this subject, demonstrating that all Member States want to maintain the ceiling after enlargement.
We have started to exchange ideas on this issue, which has emerged that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to be traded on this subject, where it seems that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned no action to show that we really consider Kostunica to be the only legally elected representative of the Serbian people and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner and provides steps that will be shown that consider Kostunica as legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now have to face.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur &#39;s initial and shared statement by a number of members is to promote standards and codes of conduct are needed to establish between forms of insurers costs organization on a mutual basis providing all the world with guaranteed access to high quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk selection and customer access.	The other point of view, illustrated by original rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote standards and codes of conduct necessary to build, among insurers, forms of degree of costs by ensuring all providing good quality care and to counter the risks of discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and then, of course, we can not vote for him.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and we can not approve it.
Thirdly, basically they depend acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the countries and the EU as a whole - and Denmark-demonstrated in dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for individual countries and for the whole EU depend - the example of Denmark is here Show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficits of politics European.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that wanted to join forces with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group, and it is logical that wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, his clear and comprehensive report.	I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, his clear and comprehensive report.
Finally, and most controversially, the Committee strongly urged by the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a controversial issue, the Commission has called vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
Mr President, I voted for the report García-Margallo y Marfil on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr. President, I have to vote in favor of García-Margallo Marfil report there, which refers to taxes on the rich services electronically.
Or we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Nor is it part of the club, or are not, and should therefore inclined to this decision.
on the situation in Burma	On the situation in Burma.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur &#39;s initial and shared statement by a number of members is to promote standards and codes of conduct are needed to establish between forms of insurers costs organization on a mutual basis providing all the world with guaranteed access to high quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk selection and customer access.	The other point of view, illustrated by the example of the original and shared Rapporteur by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct needed to create, among insurers, forms of mutual costs guarantee all providing high quality care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
It is a matter of utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted it very little public attention.	The task, which is important, however, not yet aroused great interest from the public.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of chaos and we must begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson should keep this house in its discussion this morning it is that we are forced to conclude that maritime laws in the world, in a state of disorder, and that we reach the top-down task.
It is an embarrassing situation when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernized business practice.	It&#39;s a shame when you think that the European Union is seen as a champion modernization of economic life.
And I say loud and clear: Kostunica must have his chance here and I therefore hope that will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but in the meantime, I want the introduction of these two new budget lines, democratization and reconstruction, to go accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say very clearly: it is necessary to give the opportunity to Kostunica and I hope it will take time to clear in the course of the next few weeks or months; But in the meantime, however, I hope that policy and in terms of budget, political conditions are the introduction of these two new budget lines, ie and reconstruction.
On the other hand, we would like to have an opportunity to show Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognizing the principles of genuine democracy.	In addition, we have the opportunity to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro, Yugoslavia, recognizing the true democratic principles.
If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene with money and concrete actions and not just words.
I find it quite odd that people are already trying to tie the hands of the Commission regarding the proposed directive, while the same call on him to present a green paper on the current situation regarding plans supplemental medical insurance and optional.	I&#39;m a bit of him now that oblige the Commission a draft resolution and ask a time to establish health insurance a green book on the current state and voluntary insurance.
There are, of course, a crucial event, namely that it has made a start with category four and looking for ways how to try, but it is not yet clear whether we have managed to solve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the operator thought processes.	There are, of course, a very important point, is the fact that we have initiated in category four with his approach, but still do not really know if we can solve the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development that has become heavily dependent on capital loans.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that wanted to join forces with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 (H-0886/00):
Worst of all, I think, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favor may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling in their favor could only be a series of reassurances and have no practical effect on their existence.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of treaties.	First, a simplification and clarification of treaties.
While employment may be the European Union &#39;s priority policy, fisheries, as another of the economic, can not remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, fisheries, as an economic sector, can not remain on the sidelines.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency had restructured first and then had scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency has first restructured and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
Since there is still uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action should be taken.	You need to know today, as they are still in uncertainty, which are the scientists, what measures to adopt.
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything, so competition is not completely free, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything and in this perspective, there is neither can be no competition without limits.
Keep up the pressure and are strengthening their position with the revenue they generate to deliver more than 150 grams mail.	They will continue to pressure. The money they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grams makes it possible to strengthen its position.
I have also voted against a text which provides for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which provides for the integration of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the treaty to be approved in Nice future.
If a binding on the Member States clear framework is defined, there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear and binding framework for Member States, the various systems to meet these demands should have a longer period tested.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to discuss the joint resolution which, of course, we will vote.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question 6 (H-0886/00):
This is our priority fight to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	That is our priority fight for the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political decisions.
The Council of Europe, together with the human rights court, has extensive experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience with these forms of control; we can take the base.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what steps the Presidency of the European Council intends to take in order to play a more active role in order to ensure full and complete implementation of the peace plan from the ONU?	How the European Parliament called in its resolution of 16 March 2000, the Presidency of the European Council of initiatives aim to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the peace plan of the UN?
There are, of course, a crucial event, namely that it has made a start with category four and looking for ways how to try, but it is not yet clear whether we have managed to solve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the operator thought processes.	There are, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun to category four with his approach, but still do not know very well if we can solve the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate in the debate.
If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and concrete actions and not just words.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of treaties.	Firstly, simplification and clarification of treaties.
This rule applies equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can be applied to all drugs récréationnelles provided the consumer but dangerous drugs is the only to take risks.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and then, of course, we can not vote for him.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and, of course, we can not approve it.
All those who are in this illicit work would obtain work they engaged with decent social conditions.	All the works are currently obtiendraient undeclared work in decent social conditions.
Do you think that the Austrian model, the resolutions of the majority that is bilateral, will be used in the future as a way to pass the resolutions that the European institutions bypass and form a new institution or a new group to circumvent unanimity in the Advice?	Do you think Austrian model &#39;&#39; - namely the decision by bilateral most - in the future will be an instrument to make decisions ignoring the European institutions and establish a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent the rule of unanimity in the Council?
The labeling of beef that was agreed, which is a minimum form of labeling and only came into force two months ago, not make it possible for the origin of the animals to interact properly, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labeling of beef has been decided, which is a minimum labeling and it only takes into force two and a half months ago incorrectly to trace the origin of the animals and we have quite belatedly banned specified risk material.
Do you think that the Austrian model, the resolutions of the majority that is bilateral, will be used in the future as a way to pass the resolutions that the European institutions bypass and form a new institution or a new group to circumvent unanimity in the Advice?	Do you think the &quot;Austrian model&quot; - ie making bilateral decisions majority - in the future will be an instrument for decision-making, ignoring the European institutions and build a new institution or a new group, to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity in the Council?
Or we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Whether you belong to the club or not us and therefore we must be bent with this decision.
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything, so competition is not completely free, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market can not solve everything and that, therefore, there is no and can not have unlimited competition.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what steps the Presidency of the European Council intends to take in order to play a more active role in order to ensure full and complete implementation of the peace plan from the ONU?	How the European Parliament has requested in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that the initiatives will the Presidency of the European Council intends to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the peace plan of the UN?
But I would say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would like to say to the idea that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union does not believe that 1% of GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three main areas.	In recent weeks, he has made three great progress.
It is an embarrassing situation when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernized business practice.	It&#39;s a shame when it is believed that the European Union has set as a champion modernization of economic life.
Mr President, I would like to focus on my speech Ms. Lalumière &#39;s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr. President, in my speech I concentrate on the report of the report of Ms. Lalumiere, which I think is well thought out and clearly formulated.
Especially when a sole proprietorship or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, you should not need to provide loan guarantees 120% in the form of land to receive financing; It should also be possible for it to be funded based on a good idea.	Especially when a company or a society depend less than 250 employees unipersonnelle have a project, funding should be possible not only with a guarantee of 120%, but also on the basis of a good simple idea.
really it should be a focal point of the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It should be the real brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which in turn activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence food security at regional level.
I would have also liked the Court of Auditors report which have been a little easier to use and have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I also like the report of the Court of Auditors is that it had some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which just voted not reflect.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given the commitment of Member States to follow a course of action designed to develop what could be called a European culture of police, based on the highest standards of service, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	From the first thoughts on this subject, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission undertook in relation to the Member States to promote action to develop what could be described as a culture of European Commissioner, based on the highest standards of ethics, respect for human rights and freedoms and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
In my own name and on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries, I beg you, Madam President, to send Parliament &#39;s condolences to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany and Marín, Galicia, from which the most victims.	Madam President, I ask, on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Britain Marin, city of Galicia, where come most victims.
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything, so competition is not completely free, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market can not solve everything and that, in this sense, there is no can not be competitive without limits.
In this situation, there is an inescapable for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment need.	Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
Mr. President, we take great care in preparing the report of the deputy in the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and home affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs has prepared very carefully the report of the deputy.
In 1996 the European Parliament came out in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal throughout the European Union according to the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament has voted in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, according to the precautionary principle - if only we had heard.
Mr. President, we take great care in preparing the report of the deputy in the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and home affairs.	Mr President, the Commission of freedoms and rights and justice we are to retain any carefully prepared the report of the deputy.
UK Labour Members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of its contribution to the work of the IGC on enhanced cooperation, without endorsing every detail.	UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favorable reception reserved for the contribution they have made to the work of the IGC on enhanced cooperation, without fully support all the details of this.
There has been a budget for the funding of demining programs and prevention mine for many years.	A budget line, programs and many years.
Finally, and most controversially, the Committee strongly urged by the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a controversial issue, the Commission has called hard to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
I find it quite odd that people are already trying to tie the hands of the Commission regarding the proposed directive, while the same call on him to present a green paper on the current situation regarding plans supplemental medical insurance and optional.	It seems a bit weird to try to force the Commission a draft resolution and ask in a while establishing a green paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplemental health insurance.
B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000 by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of a Spanish sophistry in Colombia entered into negotiations with the guerrillas;
In 1996 the European Parliament came out in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal throughout the European Union according to the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament decided in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, according to the precautionary principle - if only we had been heard.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review annually the implementation of the program.	Finally, I welcome the idea of ​​giving an annual assessment of the implementation of the program.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned no action to show that we really consider Kostunica to be the only legally elected representative of the Serbian people and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner and provides for measures to show that we consider Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now have to deal with.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament had been heard better if, in anticipation that the Council of Nice, had devoted a specific resolution and separately for these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points of the Council agenda his voice.	Withdrawing our resolution, however it expresses the conviction that our Parliament would have better made its voice heard in spending, taking into account the Nice European Council, a specific resolution and separate the important and difficult issues for the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than addressing in the context of a single resolution also including all other issues on the agenda of the Council.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries of the European Union.	This is a development of the kind that would other States of the European Union.
The only case in which no tax is applied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case not yet considered any tax is a provision of the European Community from a third country.
I think that France has set an excellent example of finally deciding to take this step.	I think it is exemplary that France is determined to take this step.
In my own name and on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries, I beg you, Madam President, to send Parliament &#39;s condolences to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany and Marín, Galicia, from which the most victims.	Madam President, I ask, on behalf of my colleagues on the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany and Marín, city of Galicia, it is most victims.
These objectives, the main and secondary, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the main objective and secondary objectives represent hitting the stone enabling us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
On the contrary, it is reducing the influence of national democracies on the other restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of national democracies is increasingly restrict the right of veto and to give Parliament more power to the EU.
My party has serious reservations about Community law applicable to the sale of consumer products, compared with applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party issues serious reservations regarding the regulation of sales of consumer products through Community legislation, as has reservations concerning the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
I think that France has set an excellent example of finally deciding to take this step.	It seems to me exemplary France pledged to take this step.
There are, of course, a crucial event, namely that it has made a start with category four and looking for ways how to try, but it is not yet clear whether we have managed to solve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the operator thought processes.	It is, of course, a very important point, is the fact that we have section four, with his approach, but still do not know very well if we can solve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate enough.
And I say loud and clear: Kostunica must have his chance here and I therefore hope that will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but in the meantime, I want the introduction of these two new budget lines, democratization and reconstruction, to go accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And it is very clear: you need to give your chance Kostunica, and therefore hopefully ensure an amnesty in the coming weeks and months; But in the meantime, I would like, however, that, politically, and the budget level, political conditions which together with the introduction of these two new budget lines, ie the democratization and reconstruction.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is with good reason that the Legal Committee persists in the refusal of a roof and the maintenance of a minimum rate can not be less than 7%.
Mr President, I would like to focus on my speech Ms. Lalumière &#39;s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, I will concentrate in my speech on the report of Ms. Lalumiere, meeting report well conceived and formulated clearly.
I think that France has set an excellent example of finally deciding to take this step.	Exemplary meeting that France determined to cross this step.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm welcome they have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks.
The worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the job desperation because they have no way to continue to provide for themselves.	The situation is worse when it comes to distant countries women who have accepted this work of necessity and have no alternative but to continue to meet their basic needs.
The debate is closed.	In the debate it is closed.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is true that the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in denial of a roof and the maintenance of a minimum rate can not be less than 7%.
(The session was suspended at 14:06 and resumed at 15)	(The meeting 14h 18 is suspended and resumed 15)
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratization measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more urgent the need to promote democratization measures, institutional strengthening and respect for human rights in Albania.
UK Labour Members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of its contribution to the work of the IGC on enhanced cooperation, without endorsing every detail.	UK Labour PES group welcomed the positive response to the contribution made to the work of the Intergovernmental Committee of enhanced cooperation, without fully adhere to all the details of this deputies.
Mr President, I voted for the report García-Margallo y Marfil on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which relates to the taxation of services provided electronically.
The statements must be followed concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be followed practices to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime actions.
Do you think that the Austrian model, the resolutions of the majority that is bilateral, will be used in the future as a way to pass the resolutions that the European institutions bypass and form a new institution or a new group to circumvent unanimity in the Advice?	Do you think the &#39;Austrian&#39; model - namely taking bilateral decisions majority - in the future will be an instrument to make it possible to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and establish a new institution or a new group, to circumvent the rule of unanimity in the Council?
When faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When faced with a potential risk, it is important to realize the precautionary principle.
This is our priority fight to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights in political decisions.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency had restructured first and then had scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency had initially restructured then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
This rule applies equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can be applied to all récréationnelles but dangerous drug, if the drug is the only one to take risks.
This is our priority fight to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority to combat the affirmation of fundamental rights is embodied in political decisions.
Mr President, I voted for the report García-Margallo y Marfil on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which relates to the taxation of services provided by satellite.
I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, his clear and comprehensive report.	I thank the Rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review annually the implementation of the program.	Finally, I welcome the idea of ​​giving an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the program.
Especially when a sole proprietorship or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, you should not need to provide loan guarantees 120% in the form of land to receive financing; It should also be possible for it to be funded based on a good idea.	Especially when a sole proprietorship or a less cash society that paid 250 has a project, it should be possible not only provide funding with a guarantee of 120%, but also on the basis of a good simple idea.
While employment may be the European Union &#39;s priority policy, fisheries, as another of the economic, can not remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, fisheries, as an economic sector, can not remain on the sidelines.
Even you will not be incorporated into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be left out.	You do not want in the Treaty shows that this text should be placed aside.
After all, it is not at all certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in Member States are very satisfactory.	In fact, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of price proposed is better than another, because different Member States currently in the all completely.
(Applause)	I have said on this point and I fully agree with what he said about the need to dramatically improve public debate that I will not repeat what I said, but it is true that too often citizens feel alienated by decisions made in the authorities do not know.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you very much to you, Commissioner.
We must act quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we decided to put this issue on the agenda.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of chaos and we must begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson for us in this house in its discussion this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the laws at sea, in the world, in a state of chaos, and we must get to work to bring order.
Or we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	We are not part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore, we abide by this decision.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right of a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny.
After all, it is not at all certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in Member States are very satisfactory.	In fact, it is not convinced that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another, because different definitions used in Member States are all widely enough.
The labeling of beef that was agreed, which is a minimum form of labeling and only came into force two months ago, not make it possible for the origin of the animals to interact properly, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labeling of beef has been decided, which is a minimum labeling and which entered into force in two months, does not allow to properly trace the origin of the animals, and we have belatedly banned specified risk material.
It will be tested on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	Whether this happens in court on January 8. He is accused of participating in a meeting of Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.
When faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When faced with a potential risk, it is important to realize the precautionary principle.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):
In 1996 the European Parliament came out in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal throughout the European Union according to the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament is in favor of a ban on use in the European Union, according to the precautionary principle - if only they had.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	An evolution that made them heavily dependent on borrowed capital.
Mr. President, we take great care in preparing the report of the deputy in the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and home affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs has prepared very carefully the report of the deputy.
The debate is closed.	The debate is closed.
I have also voted against a text which provides for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which provides for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future treaty, which will be approved in Nice.
Even you will not be incorporated into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be left out.	You do not even want to incorporate it into the Treaty showing that this text should be put aside.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what steps the Presidency of the European Council intends to take in order to play a more active role in order to ensure full and complete implementation of the peace plan from the ONU?	How the European Parliament called in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that these initiatives is the Presidency of the European Council intends to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the peace plan of the United Nations ?
All those who are in this illicit work would obtain work they engaged with decent social conditions.	All currently working with the black would gain employment in decent social conditions.
Since there is still uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action should be taken.	We need to know today, as we are always in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be adopted.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united Europe.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united Europe.
We must act quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is urgent and therefore we decided to put this item on the agenda.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been approved, does not reflect.
The House had also fought, however, for reducing the funds available for innovative measures should be compensated by the resources of the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a statement on the financial perspective in the interinstitutional agreement.	This Parliament has also fought for this reduction in funds for innovative measures should be compensated for the use of flexible framework, however, set out in a statement on the financial perspective.
Approval of the minutes of the previous session	Approval of the minutes of the previous session.
That changed to criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with criticism, especially from Ireland and France, the British Treasury Minister has given a new interpretation: it is now a question of resources for all users, including drivers of heavy vehicles.
It will be tested on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	Cross on 8 January this year. It is to have a Union of Tunisian opposition in France, which is also.
If a binding on the Member States clear framework is defined, there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear and binding framework for Member States, the various systems to meet these requirements should be a long trial period.
And I say loud and clear: Kostunica must have his chance here and I therefore hope that will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but in the meantime, I want the introduction of these two new budget lines, democratization and reconstruction, to go accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say very clearly: we must give his chance to Koitunica, and therefore, hopefully ensure an amnesty in the coming weeks or months; But in the meantime, I hope, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely: democratization and reconstruction.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report is designed to identify such potential improvements.
We must act quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is urgent and that is why we decided to put this issue on the agenda.
In fact one could wish for more information and for improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	In fact we want more and better, but I sincerely believe that is a good start.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
My party has serious reservations about Community law applicable to the sale of consumer products, compared with applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party had serious reservations about the regulation of consumer sales by Community legislation, which has reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
He saw a red rose.	Driving a pink car.
