There a number of different possible events that may occur in the future. in most cases, there is involved agent have to consider that the possible events will occur or should. one salient_entity that is deeply involved in the event can also be mentioned.	doing as one likes or chooses;
this contians framework lus that are like the frame of convenience except evaluee incorporates the parameter as &quot;associated with presumable place in a social hierarchy&quot; for all lus. lus are not restricted to the positive or negative implications.	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language;
a container starts without the subject in his possession and then comes to possess. Although the source from which the subject is logically necessary, the recipient and change its relationship with the issue stands.	win something through efforts;
this context refers to a subset of instances of a type that are evaluated in terms of its resemblance to a conceptual prototype of the specific type. ejemplaridad judgment can be made over a certain domain.	a typical or standard example;
This box contains the words that describe the static position of an element on a scale with respect to any variable property.	lacking specific resources, qualities or substances;
This Mark describes a sensor that fails to maintain the view of a subject. the focus of this framework is the perceiver, which appears in the subject position. This frame contrasts with the prospect of opposition losing_track_of_perceiver where the recipient is the object and the subject is the theme.	place (something) where you can find it again;
a person takes leave from his usual activity (such as work or school) over a period of time. the duration may be any length of time, while the absence is temporary.	inability to be present
a trigger causes a response. the answer may be some action to address the trigger event or an expressed opinion of the trigger event.	meet design; be present at the arrival;
a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author in the time_of_creation. It can be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. It can be constructed by a candidate.	an account of the series of events that make up the life of a person
a contractor indicates that he or she is able and willing to give a theme to a potential_recipient. in the absence of other titles, often it is understood that the potential_recipient accepts it.	provide (usually but not necessarily food);
This chapter covers words that define places name as a political or administrative.	territory over which rule or control is exercised;
an actively agent (though not always successfully) trying to avoid an event that will take place. This event (usually) is an impulse that animates the action that the agent wants to avoid.	refrain from; always it used with a negative;
lus in this context that denote a scenario where a customer manages to retain the services of an organization at a later date.	during a performance;
in this context the words describe a time period, unlike a point in time.	the period during which something is functional (between birth and death);
an agent has tried to achieve a goal, and the actual result of the action of agents has been solved, to be specifically it matches the intent of the agents (eg success) or representative (eg fault).	succeed or be marked by a favorable outcome;
a connoisseur has a sentence of a evaluee express how high or low consideration by the evaluee.	concluded on the basis of emotions, intuitions, or indefinite grounds;
one controlling_entity is in conscious control over a dependent_entity, dependent_situation or dependent_variable.	discipline in personal and social activities;
This is the main framework evoked by cardinal numbers.	a concept of zero and units quantity;
This framework has to do with people (residents) who live in places, sometimes with a co-resident.	They live or live; be an inhabitant of;
a speaker realizes a signal, usually a language on some formal_realization. the formal_realization can be described as right or wrong in the expression of a judgment, or can be partially indicate as a part_of_form. manner can be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not a phoneme of a language (phonetic)
a living entity proposes a tool to fulfill a generic purpose. the material of which the tool is created can be natural or artificial, including another tool.	Anything that serves to;
This chapter describes a patient who experienced the loss of someone through death. the lus in this context implies a strong emotional connection between the victim and the dead.	suffer the loss of a person through death or retirement;
This framework contains nouns (transparent) which are the units of measure of time. frame elements are Conde, drive and process. in this context, they are not recorded deíctico, use nouns as calendrical week, month, etc. as in &quot;the next week, this month, in the twenty-first century&quot;.	a period of time considered as a resource under its control and sufficient to accomplish something;
while in motion, an impactor makes sudden contact, forced the impactee, or two impactors both move, making forceful contact each other.	hitting; come into sudden contact with;
a client requests an entity of a provider. customers can order the entity itself or through a medium.	a request for something to be made, supplied or served;
this context refers to people who are in an altered mental state that is induced by an intoxicant.	slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug (especially marijuana)
in this context, a group of individuals intentionally gathered to form a group. Alternatively, a more prominent grammatical party_1 mounted with a party_2, expressed as an oblique phrase. If this asymmetric construal is chosen purpose only refers to party_1.	satisfy a condition or restriction;
This framework contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. aggregates can be described by a aggregateproperty.	a group of people (often temporary) have a common purpose;
There is an amount of light in a given place gradable. in some cases it may be indicated the light source instead of the location. the negetive lus in this framework can be used metaphorically to describe periods of time that can be characterized as poor or lack of awareness, as shown in the following examples	deficient or devoid of light or brightness; shading or black;
a client requests an entity of a provider. customers can order the entity itself or through a medium.	a commercial document used to request someone to give something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities;
a sequence of recordable events associated with a particular topic.	the continuity of the events in succession leading from the past to the present and even in the future;
an entity is in a specified state. When not explicitly specified, the state generally refers to the health of the entity, repair operation. the state also is often evaluated with an evaluation and can be specified to apply only to a particular parameter of the entity.	how something is with respect to its main attributes;
This framework contains words that describe how powerful is a chemical.	having a strong physiological or chemical effect;
This chapter describes intentionally formed human social groups (here called organizations) with a defined structure and members. They may be relatively informal, consisting only of a group of people who are aware of who is and who is not a member, or may be complex and long-lasting, as the Catholic Church or the Conservative Party.	a Commission with supervisory powers;
This box contains the words that describe the static position of an element on a scale with respect to any variable property.	higher than normal in degree or intensity or amount;
a benefactor gives it a beneficial_situation to a beneficiary. unlike in commerce_scenario, the recipient is not necessarily obliged to pay for the goods or services they receive. therefore, the element of benevolence is shaping up. annotation faith dual-layer	financial assistance in times of need
an entity is considered noteworthy for their ability or influence among some kind of similar entities. the entity need not be known or famous, but if it is, can only be said by name. its value can be restricted to a time or place.	of greater significance and importance;
These are words referring to the control of a leader on a particular entity (the governed) or an activity. the frame contains both nouns referring to a title or position (director, King, President) and verbs describing the action of leadership (rule, reign). with verbs, it is possible to mention the role played by the leader (often a name of a leadership position, for example, king)	exercise authority over; from the United Nations;
the issue of an object moves in the direction of a goal. the goal may be expressed or understood by context, but is always implied by the verb itself.	succeed in reaching; reach;
This box contains the words that describe a set of individuals who have some commonality, usually a common attribute.	owned or participated in a community as a whole; public;
an employee has a position by working in a particular field, or working on a particular task, for which an employer gives the employee compensation.	the occupation for which you get paid;
one current_instance of a certain type is under discussion. this instance is evaluated as the same instance or a different instance of a previous_instance in a previous_context.	unlike the nature, quality or form or degree;
This framework contains words denoting family relationships. to score the directional applications of these words, we use the standard terms of Anthropology and alter ego. Matilde&#39;s cousin gilberto	a social unit living together;
the entity interacts with the issue with the effect of moving the subject.	Regulation (physiology) or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc .;
a subject through a path. this path consists of a source, path and goal. If the issue is sensitive, generally the expected trajectory is equivalent to the intended path. If the issue is expected rational path is usually the result of several forces acting on the subject.	a line leading to a place or point;
This framework contains the verbs and nouns that convey the act of a speaker address a message to a recipient using language. a number of the words can be used performatively, such as states and insists.	make a proposal, declare a plan for something;
an entity changes a prior_state a post_state in a sequence leading to improvement.	a process in which something happens by degrees to a different (especially a more advanced or mature stage) stage;
an experimenter updates a certain pattern of behavior, a lifestyle that persists for a significant period of time in the lives of those who experience and is recognized as part of their character or their normal routine. lifestyle is not necessarily done intentionally and can simply be the result of circumstances.	lead to a certain kind of life; They live in a certain style;
some idiosyncrasies belongs to an entity distinguish it from other entities.	unique or specific to a person or thing or category;
This chapter describes a particular instance of an event.	an instance or single occasion for some event;
an entity has a temperature characterized by the target. the temperature is an attribute value temperature. note that in this framework, the entity does not experience temperature, but simply described as being in a certain externally verifiable State. It is not in frame but subjective_temperature	having or producing a comfortable and pleasant degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
This framework contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. aggregates can be described by a aggregateproperty.	a collection of things sharing a common attribute;
an agent occupies a role in an institution. This roleis (usually) temporary and can be occupied by other entities at different periods of time. It is common for a length of paper to be mentioned.	duty or charges; serve in a specific function;
a figure is relative to the location of land. the location of the figure can be further specified by its distance from a reference point (usually, the deictic center) and the direction in which the figure is from a reference point (usually, the deictic center).	are adjacent or come together;
This Mark describes a social event where may or may not be a permanent or semi-permanent relationship among participants. In addition, participants in this framework are expressed in faith a representative attendees. note the difference between this frame and social_event_individuals, where participants are grammatically separated.	a participant in a date;
This table contains elements that, when handling, alter the function of any device, internal or external.	a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine;
This chapter describes a general situation in which an owner increases or decreases the amount of possession. the increase or decrease can be physical or metaphorical.	not have or maintain; to dispose, either physically or in an abstract sense;
an entity is integrated into a vehicle as part of a (possibly unexpressed) all that can refer to the entire vehicle or just a sub of the vehicle.	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow a vision of the sides or rear; It is generally capable of being opened
This box contains the words that describe specific aspects of a color. the degree to which the color deviates discussed prototype can be marked. the description may also targets a specific aspect of color.	(Used of color) having a dark hue;
a record that contains a permanent account data. This document may be maintained by a recorder for a given entity.	a record in which commercial accounts are recorded;
This chapter covers words body_part (s) (bp) belonging to the holder (poss), which can be characterized by a descriptor (dec). the location of the bp can be identified in terms of their accession or orientational_location. You can also specify a subregion of bp.	in front of the human head from forehead to chin and ear to ear;
an agent performs an action in response to the result of a trigger event. in many cases, it causes a non agentive responding_entity response after the trigger occurs.	fight an opponent in a sport, game or battle;
a key player in the dynamic state is maintained to be alive or has come out of this state.	the condition of life or state of being alive;
an agent acts in order to be the strongest force, or the most important in a situation, to the exclusion of other actors competing causal factor.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance;
an entity help in the successful completion of a purpose. also you can express their degree of usefulness. some of the lexical units within this framework (eg excellent, good) can only express permanent states, generic entity.	good quality and condition; Solidly built;
an agent causes a sudden impactor make contact with impactee forced or manipulated impactors two (or more) that make forced mutual contact.	drive something violently into a location;
an experimenter senses different degrees of heat that may or may not be related to the ambient temperature. the heat level generally compared against the experimenter subjective level of comfort.	having or producing a comfortable and pleasant degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
a key player in the dynamic state is maintained to be alive or has come out of this state.	have life, be alive;
a prisoner is punished for committing a crime by being confined to a prison for a certain period of time.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp;
in this context a speaker asks a recipient for something, or to perform some action.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority;
the temperature in a room, determined by time and place specified.	having or producing a comfortable and pleasant degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
one state_of_affairs is evaluated as good (or bad), against a background course previously, the state_of_affairs was thought unlikely to occur. the state_of_affairs holds a special character.	deserving or inciting pity;
an agent uses a medium (an action or entities (system) stopped the action) to achieve a purpose. (This framework can be extended to include not agentive intermediate actions).	How an outcome or purpose is achieved is obtained;
a programmer develops a product in some cases for a company.	act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining;
a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author in the time_of_creation. It can be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. It can be constructed by a candidate.	a record or narrative description of past events;
one influencing_variable a influencing_situation or influencing_entity has an influence on a dependent_entity, dependent_variable or dependent_situation. Compare with subjective_influence. objective_influence words are used to make statements about the correlations in the world, where words are used in subjective_influence to explain the emotional impact that made connoisseurs.	the effect of a thing (or person) to another;
an entity is able to exert a force of magnitude specified by the target.	have little impact;
This framework refers to substantive transparent denoting a piece of a substance. also present is piece_prop which is a property of the part, for example regarding size.	a printed circuit that can be inserted into the expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer capabilities
a speaker addresses an audience on a particular topic. the audience is usually passive, but for many types of address (including academic lectures and press conferences), a discussion or question and answer period is almost always necessary.	narrate or give a detailed account;
the word in this context of a particular moment in detail time.these often occur with demonstration like this and that.	the specified day of the month;
This framework refers to nouns denoting a part or parts of a whole entity. the part is not defined in relation to the overall orientation, center or edge and not asked. we also note the properties of the part, for example concerning its size.	section of a composition or movement (especially in sonata form) which are developed and produced major musical themes (music)
an entity is designed to or exists to perform an activity or play a role.	serve a purpose, role or function;
a plane defined by the owner place.	the land on which the property is located;
a law regulating the activities or states of affairs within a jurisdiction, dictating what require states should be the case and should not be prohibited states. often also it indicates the negative consequences for those who violate it, and these negative consequences are generally applied by any official authority. They may or may not be created by a legislative body.	a set of rules followed by an assembly
the authorities put prisoner in jail as punishment for a crime.	the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned;
environmental conditions of temperature, precipitation, sunshine and windiness belong to a particular place and time. more specification belonging conditions may also be indicated.	free of clouds or rain;
an individual or group (Practitioner) a part of their working life (work) is professionally defined by the activity normally engaged inch. alternatively, the activity can be indicated by a salient_entity conventionally associated with it.	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings;
a particular data is evaluated for its accuracy. also you can express the degree of correction. the source of information can also stand metonymically information.	consistent with the fact or reality; No false;
This framework contains adjectives and nouns describing the truth or sincerity of communication. these words, similarly to the evaluation of behaver words can be applied to speakers or messages that occur. may occur with theme expressing about pps.	worthy of being depended on;
This framework is for physical or otherwise, that are used to grant access to any place or function objects.	a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock;
an entity has the ability to contain a subject.	It is used by; from a utility;
This framework contains words denoting family relationships. to score the directional applications of these words, we use the standard terms of Anthropology and alter ego. Matilde&#39;s cousin gilberto	family based on male descent;
two individuals, the subordinate and superior have a relationship such that the subordinate generally follows the orders given by the superior and have in mind the best interests of superior.	work to be a servant
lus in this context denoting a period of time in which a enabled_action becomes possible. the duration of this period of time can be both accurate and inaccurate. It should be noted as an agent that performs enabled_action.	the time period is considered better to start or finish something;
this context refers to words that describe a person based on a projection of your body.	(Used of hair or skin) pale or light-colored;
in this context, there is a part of a set in which the part is defined with respect to the canonical or inherent orientation of the whole. in cases where the target is an adjective, has a special relationship with the noun it modifies such that it is semantically available to fill the structure of the argument adjective, as in a phrase that is a syntactic argument Noun	the striking or working surface of an implement
an event occurs in a place and time.	a recent event that has any relevance to the current situation;
There is a certain physical distance within which another entity can participate in an event (typically perception or manipulation) with the participant. Alternatively, you can metonymically the event indicated by an instrument. [Note distance connection * words, sufficiency and capacity. in this general framework they can be paraphrased &quot;enough to be able to&quot;.]	a range of mental vision;
in this context, it is part of a greater whole, composed of parts that are ordered. the parts can be ordered temporary (first to last and vice versa) or vertically (bottom to top and vice versa). the part may be modified by the part_prop or part number it can be given by ordinality.	an important division for a long time a written composition;
a competitor claiming a prize as a result of the result of their participation in a competition.	be the winner of a contest or competition; be victorious;
an entity is able to exert a force of magnitude specified by the target.	have strength or above average or expected power;
artifact you or modified by deliberately made an intelligent entity that will undergo some type of use. you can specify various properties of the device, as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type and material of which it is composed. the device may or may not be a physical entity.	a robust lumber dress; in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes
an assistant one benefited_party benefits by allowing the culmination of a goal that has the benefited_party. one focal_entity which is involved in achieving the target can tolerate.	give help or assistance; be of service;
a speaker realizes a signal, usually a language on some formal_realization. the formal_realization can be described as right or wrong in the expression of a judgment, or can be partially indicate as a part_of_form. manner can be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way;
This chapter covers words that define places name as a political or administrative.	the territory occupied by a nation;
support, phenomenon or fact, supports a claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance also be expressed. some of the words in this context (eg discuss) communication are words used in a uncommunicative epistemic sense.	establish the validity of something, for example, explanation or experiment;
the authorities put prisoner in jail as punishment for a crime.	a lasting prison while living prisoner;
an agent manipulates an instrument to achieve a purpose.	commissioning; operating or employed for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose;
this context refers to the certainty of knowing about the correctness of belief or expectations. only it includes applications where a connoisseur is expressed.	be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; considered as true without any doubt;
the words in this context describe situations in which an agent or a cause injures a victim. the body_part of the victim who is most directly affected can also be mentioned in the place of the victim. in such cases, the victim is often indicated as a genitive modifier of body_part, in which case the victim that faith is indicated in a second layer of faith.	deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist or weapon;
one useful_location is accessible to some (possibly generic) issue despite a potential barrier, or is not accessible because of the barrier.	rich in skin pigment melanin;
in a text, a source_of_information providing a text reader with additional information relevant to the text is given. in this context the author and the reader is completely deprofiled, with source_of_information salient fact.	ask for information;
a speaker interprets a written text and says that content, usually to a recipient. the content can be the literal text or a representation of the text.	Look, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed;
words in this context have to do with one (or unaware) aware knows the difference between two phenomena, which may be expressed together or disjointly.	be able to distinguish, recognize as being different;
support, phenomenon or fact, supports a claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance also be expressed. some of the words in this context (eg discuss) communication are words used in a uncommunicative epistemic sense.	It implies as a possibility;
This chapter describes intentionally formed human social groups (here called organizations) with a defined structure and members. They may be relatively informal, consisting only of a group of people who are aware of who is and who is not a member, or may be complex and long-lasting, as the Catholic Church or the Conservative Party.	a formal association of people with similar interests;
in this framework, a evaluee is described by a judge (usually implicit) regarding morals or the rightness of his behavior.	coming evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable; Thomas Hardy
an author creates a text written as a letter or spoken, as a speech, which contains significant linguistic chips and may have a particular recipient in mind. the text can include information about your subject, although the latter is not a faith in this framework.	recite or repeat a fixed text;
one controlling_entity, controlling_situation or controlling_variable control dependent_entity, dependent_situation or dependent_variable. the latter, dependent element or some aspect of it is not only influenced, but determined by the control element.	power to direct or determine;
This chapter describes a situation in which the owner loses his possession. the owner can not able to maintain ownership of their possession (ie, theft or gambling) or may have involuntarily lost possession.	not have or maintain; to dispose, either physically or in an abstract sense;
These adjectives describe the degree of rigor or tolerance of an agent, usually with respect to the other person (the control) and often about a particular topic. the strictness / leniency regarding the issue can manifest itself in (voiced by) an agent or by any means (eg laws), or by any agent behavior, ie, the controlling_act.	Clear and uncompromising in discipline or judgment;
some stimulus causes a connoisseur to think of a previous phenomenon due to their perceived likeness.	They suggest the need for intervention; in medicine;
artifact you or modified by deliberately made an intelligent entity that will undergo some type of use. you can specify various properties of the device, as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type and material of which it is composed. the device may or may not be a physical entity.	one (usually rectangular) portable flat surface designed for board games;
authorities charge a suspect, who is under suspicion of having committed a crime (charges), and in custody.the harry police arrested on charges of manslaughter.	record a charge in a police register;
the reader attends a text to process your information. sometimes it is looking for a certain type of phenomenon in the text.	interpret something that is written or printed;
This framework contains nouns denoting a range or level within an established hierarchy.	(Usually plural) the status or rank or office of a Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy;
a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author in the time_of_creation. It can be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. It can be constructed by a candidate.	written work or composition that has been published (printed on linked pages);
an insulator is judged by its potential to increase the body temperature of an experimenter. the activity that the experimenter is dedicated to experience the warmth and the circumstances in which the insulator is judged also be provided.	having or producing a comfortable and pleasant degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
an entity exists in a particular place at a particular time, as noted by an implicit observer. It is often a phrase depictive or duration. This framework differs from existence that the situation is shaping up as an area where an observer is conceived as a confirmation of the existence of the entity. in some cases the situation may be recoverable phrases expressed primarily peripheral information	the state of being absent;
an entity undergoes a change (the event) that is (or is interpreted as) point. (This framework exists primarily to allow common fes to be inherited).	They affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely;
the scenario is a geographical location defined by the form. This framework includes natural geographic features, including forms of land / ice and water bodies.	a narrow sea channel connecting two large bodies of water
an entity is sensually enjoyable or intellectually interesting to a judge (usually implicit).	very pleasing to the eye;
in this context the words describe a time period, unlike a point in time.	undefined (usually marked by specific attributes or activities);
an agent or entity becomes sufficient to meet a standard. on the other hand, an action or event can be thought of as an event that meets a standard. in this context, agent, entity or event it can be conceptualized as being on a scale which brings a change in value or circumstances in line with the position of the standard scale.	fill or meet a need or want
an entity highlights perceptively compared with other members of its kind.	characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity;
the answer to an open question, the outcome is dictated (partially or totally) for the answer to an open question, the determining factor, ie, if the answer to the determinant is known, one can predict the response to the results . also you can express the degree of predictive power and the circumstances under which maintains dependence.	a relation such that one thing is dependent on another;
This chapter describes the attributes of a thermodynamic phase of matter.	(Chemistry) are the traditional three states of matter (fixed shape and volume) of solids and liquids (fixed volume and formed by the container) and gases (fill the container);
These words describe the size of messages that a speaker is judged by a judge (usually unexpressed) to give, on a specific occasion or theme or general. as in other frameworks communication, it can also be expressed medium.	without noise or fuss; or makes little if any sound;
an entity is presented as having been seen or experienced by a knowledgeable (typically generic and documented) on a number of occasions, causing the entity to have a certain degree of recognition for the connoisseur.	be relative or acquaintance with a person or an object;
words in this framework describe the state of an action regarding a code of laws or rules. it can also be an object of violation or breach of the code by virtue of its existence, location or possession.	(Baseball) hit between the foul lines;
these words refer to merge to form a set of pieces. (Parts can also be coded as part_1 and pieza_2). there is a symmetrical relationship between the components that undergo the process, and then the parts are consumed and are no longer separate entities that are easily distinguishable or separable from it all.	a collection of things that have been combined; a set of separate parts or qualities
a device made by man, digital or physical, which is used to display information provided by the object.	a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view
words in this context have to with a knowledgeable believing that some phenomenon will occur in the future. some words in the frame (eg foresee.v) indicate that the phenomenon is also said to be true, while others do not.	We hope the likely occurrence;
an assistant one benefited_party benefits by allowing the culmination of a goal that has the benefited_party. one focal_entity which is involved in achieving the target can tolerate.	help some food; help with food or drink;
an entity is integrated into a building as part of a (possibly unexpressed) everything it can refer to the entire building or just a sub part of the building.	a glass pane in a window;
the words in this context refers to facial expressions and the holders of such expressions.	the sentiments expressed in the face of a person;
Geography as defined by its use.	a district that has been developed to serve a purpose;
a phenomenon is interpreted in relation to the degree of probability that it will be perceived, taking into account the evidence (usually implicit), perceiver and the circumstances in which it is considered. for several of the lus, as visible, audible, etc., the type of testing is set by the goals themselves are a perceptual experience.	be or become visible or noticeable;
this context refers to a subset of instances of a type that are evaluated in terms of its resemblance to a conceptual prototype of the specific type. ejemplaridad judgment can be made over a certain domain.	(Sometimes fanatically) dedicated to a cause or concept of truth;
an entity may have a large external force in order to resist destruction and damage.	immune to attack; unable to be manipulated;
lus in this framework modify an attribute gradable and describe the intensities in the extreme positions on a scale.	surpassing what is common or usual or expected;
an authority with power to make decisions hands down a finding on a question submitted in a formal or informal case.	decide with authority;
This chapter covers words that define places name as a political or administrative.	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation;
one speaker characterized by the intensity of an attribute of an entity by one degree.	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality;
an agent spends effort towards achieving a goal. Alternatively, it can be expressed an salient_entity involved in the goal rather than an expression of target.	activity aimed to make or do something;
This framework has to do with the scientific taxonomy. lexical units in this framework include the seven main classifications in which organisms based on common biological characteristics are grouped. these classifications range are labeled in this framework. members row or subtype often expressed using the noun denoting the target.	taxonomic group (biology) containing one or more families
This framework contains words referring to food items.	a particular day specified as the time something happens;
a person or institution described in terms of their wealth, in other words, the amount of money in their possession.	have little money and few possessions;
an experimenter performs a hypothesis based on an experiment. This experiment contains a control_group or controlled_individual compared with treatment_group or treated_individual to determine the result.	a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment;
one speaker characterized by the intensity of an attribute of an entity by one degree.	not faint or weak;
This lus in this context refers to biological entities, marked by the body of faith. an organism is described as something that can be alive, or have naturally occurring biological processes and functions, however the concept of life is often used metaphorically to non-organic entities similar to or act as if they have organic life.	living things collectively;
This framework contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. aggregates can be described by a aggregateproperty.	number of sheets (ticket or stamps etc.) to embark on an edge;
This framework has to do with repetition and especially the repetition of an event. many of the adjectives and adverbs in this framework are based on the substantive part of calendric_unit.	There is no special distinction or quality; widely known or commonly encountered; average, ordinary or usual;
This framework contains substantive transparent (and some adjectives) denoting quantities of a mass or individuals. as opposed to added words such as a group together, this amount does not have a status as wholes on their own. Initially, at least, we can score as much amount of masses and individuals in this context, although we can further divide the frame along these lines.	Not excessive or extreme;
the size of an entity is evaluated in terms of the degree by which it deviates from the norm. size refers to the amount of three-dimensional space that is occupied by the entity.	relatively large in size, number or measure; larger than others of its kind;
an agent or cause is part of the group new_member. the group can be represented by an individual existing_member if it implies the existence of a set of members.	make an addition (a); Join or merge or join other; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope;
lus in this context denoting that the instance of a type highlights contextually. this general framework, requires double annotation layer of faith; See below.	separate and distinct from others of the same group or category;
in this context, which is a part of the test sequence, a judge gives a conclusion regarding the charges against the defendant in a particular case.	decide and make a statement;
this context refers to the entities that are conventionally denominated in a particular way.	a unit of language by which a person or thing is known;
lexical units in this context have to do with an entity in a state of order or disorder. often the organization is unexpressed in this framework and therefore marked as a null instance.	established usual state (especially of society);
lexical units in this frame are descriptions of a connoisseur attitude or outlook on a state_of_affairs. the state_of_affairs can be expressed without a knowledgeable in many cases, as shown in the following	showing a bad melancholy humor;
an outgoing subevent has a repeating pattern within a larger process.	pace of the division into parts of equal length
a connoisseur introduces a new_idea in society.	They make a discovery, a new finding;
an experimenter updates a certain pattern of behavior, a lifestyle that persists for a significant period of time in the lives of those who experience and is recognized as part of their character or their normal routine. lifestyle is not necessarily done intentionally and can simply be the result of circumstances.	a characteristic state or mode of living;
a person has a particular mental state and ability to participate in an activity with enthusiasm, energy and positivity.	animation and energy in action or expression;
This framework contains lus expressing the shape that represents a work of art. the form can also represent the entire body of work of an artist. the form can be characterized more by the time of the creation of a work of art or other descriptors.	(Architecture) one of the original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or a style developed from the original three by the Romans
Geography as defined by its use.	a place where the work is done;
an entity meets the preconditions for participating in an event. degree modifier may be included to indicate how the company exceeds or fails to meet the minimum requirements.	(Usually followed by &#39;a&#39;) has the necessary means or skill or knowledge or authority to do something;
one person (the expert) comes to believe something (content), sometimes after a process of reasoning. This change in belief is usually initiated by a person or a piece of evidence. sometimes words in this domain are accompanied by phrases expressing their subject, ie what is the mental content.	establish after a calculation, experiment, survey, research or study;
This framework contains the verbs and nouns that convey the act of a speaker address a message to a recipient using language. a number of the words can be used performatively, such as states and insists.	State or say more;
this context refers to the probability that a hypothetical_event occurs. the hypothetical_event is their only frame core element. note that in the case where a noun phrase is the subject of the verb support, that np is also referred to as hypothetical_event.	involving substantial risk;
in this framework, a Ingestor takes a substance in your body. the delivery_device may appear as a direct object.	take or consume (regularly or habitually);
the listener receives a message or communication on a particular topic. words in this context denote verbal communication events, but express the listener over the speaker as an external argument.	to listen and understand;
the scenario is a geographical location defined by the form. This framework includes natural geographic features, including forms of land / ice and water bodies.	material of the upper layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with regard to its quality or use);
This framework has to do with the scientific taxonomy. lexical units in this framework include the seven main classifications in which organisms based on common biological characteristics are grouped. these classifications range are labeled in this framework. members row or subtype often expressed using the noun denoting the target.	One taxonomic group (biology) containing one or more genera;
a sensor determines the location of a sought_entity within a field.	come upon after searching; find the location of something that was lost or lost;
in this context a speaker asks a recipient for something, or to perform some action.	(Often plural) a given by a superior (eg, a military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed order;
part of the evidence indicates that an event occurred, or metonymically, entity had previously existed, in one place.	an indication that something has been present;
a competition comes to an end, with a competitor tie, win or lose against an opponent (or opponents) according to their score. (In the symmetric situation of a tie, the competitor and opponent may be jointly referred to as competitors.) By the score they have achieved the competitor and opponent, they can receive a range or a prize. It can also be mentioned margin.	finishing third or better in a horse or dog race;
