The archipelago of Puerto Rico includes the smallest of the Greater Antilles main island of Puerto Rico, and a number of smaller islands and cays, of which the largest are: Mona, Vieques and Culebra.	Economy of Puerto Rico is the most competitive and, in nominal terms, the largest of the Central American and Caribbean region.
For most Christian denominations, it is the Son of God and, by extension, the incarnation of God himself.	Jesus is not God but the Son of God and one with God in &quot;quality not quantity&quot;.
&quot;Elementary particles&quot; are the elementary constituents of matter, more precisely are particles that are not made up of smaller particles or known to have internal structure.	Currently the name elementary particle is used for particles, as far as is known, they are not formed by simpler particles.
Its capital is the city of San Salvador, and the cities of Santa Ana and San Miguel are also important urban centers.	On the other hand, it is the most densely populated area of ​​the country, because there are important cities like San Salvador, Santa Ana and San Miguel are based.
&quot;University of Uppsala&quot; (Swedish: &quot;Uppsala universitet&quot;) is a university located in the city of Uppsala, Sweden, and is the oldest house of studies in Scandinavia, having been founded in 1477.	Uppsala University is consistently considered one of the most prestigious universities in Europe and the country.
&quot;Blade Runner&quot; is an American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott, it premiered in 1982 and partly based on the novel by Philip K. Dick &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?&quot; (1968).	There are three official authorized novels and &quot;Blade Runner&quot;, written by Philip K. Dick&#39;s friend KW Jeter, who continue the story of Rick Deckard and attempt to resolve the differences between &quot;Blade Runner&quot; and &quot;Do Androids Dream of sheep electric? &quot;.
&quot;South America&quot; ​​or &quot;South America&quot;, also called &quot;South America&quot;, is the southernmost continent of America.	Portugal took control of most of the Atlantic coastline of the northern part of the South, which later would lead the Brazilian State America.
&quot;Anthropology is the study of human reality, is the science that deals with the biological and social aspects of man.&quot;	Anthropology is, above all, an integrative science that studies man in the context of society and culture to which it belongs, and at the same time, as a result thereof.
The &quot;shield of Spain&quot; is the heraldic symbol representing the Kingdom of Spain.	The federal government represents the United Mexican States and is divided into three branches: executive, legislative and judicial, according to the provisions of the Constitution of the United Mexican States, published in 1917.
The &quot;central nervous system&quot; (CNS) is a biological structure found only in individuals of the animal kingdom.	And you can say that the central nervous system is one of the most important of all the systems that are in these bodies.
A &quot;ideogram&quot; is an icon, conventional image or symbol that represents a being, abstract relationship or ideas, but no words or phrases that mean, though in the writing of certain languages ​​means a word, morpheme or certain phrase, unrepresented each of its syllables or phonemes.	The concept of ideogram refers to a conventional image or symbol used to represent a being or an idea without resorting to words or phrases to explain it.
A compiler is a program that allows you to translate the source of a program in high-level language to another lower level language (typically machine language) code.	In the particular case of translate that language is a high-level language and low-level language translated, the term compiler is used.
Most sources cited as founding date of the city on July 26, 1325, according to information provided by the Mexica and is registered in several documents.	They used the root of coplaxócotl ( &quot;American Saponaria&quot;) as soap, and root METL for washing clothes.
A &quot;text&quot; is a composition of signs encoded in a writing system (as an alphabet) that forms a unit of meaning.	Text is also a composition of printable characters (with grapheme) generated by an encryption algorithm that although no sense to anyone, it can be decrypted by its intended recipient.
The &quot;mad cow disease&quot; or &quot;BSE&quot; is a disease caused by prions, which can be transmitted to humans through the consumption of parts of infected animals, especially nerve tissues.	Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) or &quot;mad cow disease&quot; is a disease of recent appearance, belonging to a mysterious family, very rare mostly related diseases.
Man of action, statesman and diplomat, was one of the leaders of the rebellion of the Jews against the Romans.	In 64 he would move to Rome for Nero the release of some Jewish priests his friends captured during the Jewish revolt against the Romans, cause for which he is prosecuted and imprisoned.
&quot;Honduras&quot; is a country of America, located at the north end of Central America.	Baghdad has a hot and arid climate ( &quot;BWh&quot; according to the table of Köppen), being one of the hottest cities in the world.
The &quot;Quechua&quot; or &quot;Quichua&quot; is a language family native to the central Andes that spans the western part of South America through seven countries.	Quechua would have had its origin in a language of the central and western region of Peru.
As in the economy of all European countries, the tertiary or services sector is the one that has a greater weight.	Shellfish, shrimp, shellfish and squid and octopus.
The &quot;Department of Oruro&quot; Bolivia is a department located west of the country.	The &quot;achalasia&quot; is the inability to relax the smooth muscle fibers of the gastrointestinal tract anywhere binding of one part to another.
When an electron collides with a positron, both particles can be totally annihilated and produce photons of gamma rays.	If the electron and positron have a negligible amount of movement can form a positronium annihilation before results in two or three gamma ray photons of a total of 1.022 MeV.
The representation of &quot;fixed point&quot; is a form of scientific notation is to allocate a fixed number of digits for the integer part and one for the fractional part.	In the above examples the comma is fixed and serves to separate the integer portion of the fractional part.
The surface of 2,129,748 km² is Colombia, of which 1,141,748 sq km correspond to its mainland and the remaining 988,000 square kilometers to its maritime extension,	Colombia is the twenty sixth country in the world and the fourth largest in South America with 1,141,748 km² corresponding to its mainland and 988,000 sq km to its maritime extension, for a total area of ​​2,129,748 square kilometers.
The &quot;Oil Expropriation&quot; is the result of the implementation of the Expropriation Act 1936 and Article 27 of the Mexican Constitution applied to oil companies on March 18, 1938, by the President of the Republic, General Lazaro Cardenas from the river.	Other known alkanes are ethane, propane and butane with two, three and four carbon atoms respectively.
&quot;Journalism&quot; is an activity that involves collecting, synthesizing, prioritize and publish information concerning some today.	Citizen journalism is one that is that they are citizens and no journalists or news organizations who collect, analyze and disseminate information independently.
&quot;History of America&quot; ​​is the collective history of the peoples of the Americas, including the Caribbean and other nearby islands.	&quot;The Prehistory of America is object of permanent study given the many&quot; questions that remain without forceful answers, as theories of settlement and the history and development of many native American peoples.
A &quot;atomic orbital&quot; is a given wavefunction, spatial and time independent of the Schrödinger equation for an electron case subjected to a Coulomb potential.	Any data packet sent by any machine is received by all the network.
Throughout its history, the Mesoamerican people built a civilization whose expressions speak shared by several towns and traits that distinguish each other elements.	All Mesoamerican peoples had a god of corn, and was present since the time of the Olmecs.
Its onset is conventionally in 476 with the fall of the Western Roman Empire and its end in 1492 with the discovery of America, or in 1453 with the fall of the Byzantine Empire, when it has the advantage of coinciding with the invention of the printing &quot;(Gutenberg Bible)&quot; and the end of the Hundred Years&#39; War.	It appeared parliamentarism, a form of political representation that eventually became the precedent of the division of powers inherent to democracy of the Contemporary Age.
The Castilian or Spanish, the official language throughout the country, is the predominant mother tongue in almost all regions of Spain.	Spanish or Castilian is the only official language throughout the country and is spoken as a mother tongue by habitual and the vast majority of the Spanish population.
&quot;Astronomical unit&quot; (abbreviated &quot;ua&quot;, &quot;au&quot;, &quot;UA&quot; or &quot;AU&quot;) is a unit of length equal to 149,597,870,700 meters by definition,	In the general assembly of the International Astronomical Union in August 2012 in Beijing it was decided to suspend the Gaussian definition and give the astronomical unit the current value of 149.597.870.700 meters.
Archaea, like bacteria, are prokaryotes; in this system, presented by Carl Woese, the three main evolutionary branches are archaea, bacteria and eukaryotes.	Archaea were first classified as a separate superkingdom of bacteria in 1977 by Carl Woese and George E. Fox in phylogenetic trees based on gene sequences ribosomal RNA (rRNA).
&quot;Gladiolus&quot; and &quot;Moraea&quot; are very broad genres and major components of the sub-Saharana and South African flora.	&quot;Moraea&quot; and &quot;Homeria&quot; are two kinds of poisonous plants and represent a problem in the producing regions of sheep and cattle, notably in South Africa.
It is one of the most biologically diverse countries in the world and major mineral resources.	The Peruvian history in the Olympic Games is very low; nevertheless it is one of the first South American country to win a gold medal at the Olympics.
The &quot;average density&quot; is the ratio of the mass of a body and volume it occupies.	For indirect obtaining density, measured the mass and volume separately and then the density is calculated.
In Euclidean geometry, a &quot;square&quot; is a parallelogram having equal sides and also its four angles are equal and straight, has 4 axes of symmetry, 4 vertices and 4 edges.	Since its four internal angles are right, it is also a special case of rectangle, it is an equilateral rectangle.
For most Christian denominations, it is the Son of God and, by extension, the incarnation of God himself.	By the death of Christ, sin and his resurrection overcomes death.
&quot;Anthropology is the study of human reality, is the science that deals with the biological and social aspects of man.&quot;	Biological or physical anthropology is the field of anthropology who specializes in the study of humans from the evolutionary point of view and adaptive.
The &quot;Lakes Region&quot; is one of the fifteen regions in which Chile is divided.	&quot;The Lake District&quot; is a region of Chile created in 1974 by Law Decree No. 575; in a process called regionalization.
Most of its population is concentrated in the southern part of the province.	Most of their MAL (Members of the Legislative Assembly) represented small towns and rural properties.
A division of the malacología, conchology, with the study of mollusks with shell.	The malacología contributes to the knowledge and study of biodiversity through inventories of specimens of molluscs and study them.
The Basque Country is recognized as a historical nationality by its Statute of Autonomy and the Spanish Constitution.	The Basque Country granted his autonomy with the approval of the Statute of Autonomy in 1979.
As a result, in 1927 the formal name of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland changed to its current name, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland North.	The &quot;Prelature of the Holy Cross and Opus Dei&quot; is an institution belonging to the Catholic Church.
Geographically, the province consists of the island of Newfoundland and Labrador Peninsula on the Atlantic coast.	Milk production is also another great part of the agricultural industry in Newfoundland.
Modern Greece has its origin in the civilization of ancient Greece, considered the cradle of Western civilization.	The first lyric poetry, representative by poets as Sappho and Pindar, was responsible for defining the lyric genre as it is understood today in western literature.
The federal government represents the United Mexican States and is divided into three branches: executive, legislative and judicial, according to the provisions of the Constitution of the United Mexican States, published in 1917.	The &quot;United Nations Security Council&quot; is the United Nations agency responsible for maintaining peace and security among nations.
&quot;San Juan de Torres&quot; is a village in the municipality of Cebrones River, located in the southern province of Leon, Spain.	The village is also passing through one of the old routes of the Via de la Plata.
Neuroanatomy is the study of the structure and organization of the nervous system.	The structure of the spinal cord is composed in its central portion by the &quot;gray matter&quot; and on its periphery by the &quot;white matter&quot;.
known examples are cocaine, morphine, atropine, colchicine, quinine, caffeine, strychnine and nicotine.	Examples of betaines are the glicínica betaine, the trimetilserina (precursor of the hill) and hipaforina.
&quot;Winslow Homer&quot; (February 24, 1836 - September 29 of 1910) was an American naturalist painter, considered along with Thomas Eakins as one of the greatest artists of his country in the nineteenth century.	Homer was born in Boston on February 24, 1836 and his training as a painter was mostly self-taught.
In addition, the brain and spinal cord are protected by bone casings, which are the skull and spine respectively.	The cavities of these bodies (in the case ventricles of the brain and central canal in the case of the spinal cord) are filled with a clear, colorless liquid, which is called cerebrospinal fluid.
The &quot;parapsychology&quot; is a pseudo-science that studies the paranormal or psi phenomena (such as extrasensory perception, telekinesis, telepathy, precognition, clairvoyance, body experiences, spiritualism and poltergeist).	Parapsychology is considered a pseudoscience by the scientific community, since the very existence of paranormal phenomena is not scientifically provable.
The &quot;spin&quot; (for &quot;spin&quot; &#39;turn, turn&#39;) or &quot;intrinsic angular momentum&quot; refers to a physical property of subatomic particles, which every elementary particle has an intrinsic angular momentum of fixed value.	Soon the idea of ​​spin to all extended subatomic particles, including protons, neutrons, and antiparticles.
The &quot;hour&quot; is a unit of time corresponding to the twenty-fourth part of a mean solar day.	The time is also an angular measurement: as the Earth turns around on itself in about 24 hours, an hour equals 15 degrees (ie, the veinticuatrena part of the circumference).
&quot;Morelia&quot; (from 1545 to 1828, &quot;Valladolid&quot;) is a Mexican city, capital of the state of Michoacan de Ocampo and head of the homonymous municipality.	Morelia is the most populous and extensive Michoacan state with a population of 597,897 in 2010 (608,049 inhabitants in 2005) city.
According to a classic definition, &quot;force&quot; is any agent capable of modifying the amount of movement or shape of materials.	In this sense the force can be defined as any action or influence which could affect the state of motion or rest of a body (giving it an acceleration amending module or address its speed).
The magnitude of the weight of an object from the operational definition of weight, depends only on the intensity of the local gravitational field and the mass of the body, in a strict sense.	Hemingway wrote most of his work between mid-1920 and mid-1950.
The sexual organs of other groups of animals, for example, the roundworm may also be referred to similarly as &quot;vulva&quot; however differ completely from the vulva of mammals.	Generally called vulva only external female sexual organs of mammals, although in the scientific literature the term is also used to functionally comparable to or similar to other animal groups structures, such as in roundworms &quot;(Nematoda ) &quot;.
The &quot;astronomical system of units&quot;, formally called &quot;System of astronomical constants of the IAU (1976)&quot; (in English, &quot;IAU (1976) System of Astronomical Constants&quot; is a unit system developed for use in astronomy.	Astronomical system is a three dimensional system units, wherein the units of length, mass and time are defined.
The &quot;Antarctica&quot; or &quot;Antarctica&quot; is the continent on which is the South Pole.	It borders the departments of Cajamarca west, with La Libertad and San Martin to the south, Loreto east and north with the Republic of Ecuador.
It is believed that Africa is the cradle of humanity and from there came the successive species of hominids and anthropoids that led to humans.	In Africa the characteristics of the population and their life expectancy vary depending on conditions.
The &quot;heraldry&quot; is the science of blazon ( &quot;blazon&quot; according to the RAE is defined as the &quot;art of explaining and describing the coats of arms of every family, city or person&quot;).	Heraldry is essentially the science of the heralds, and its origin can be understood only through its role.
Subcultures are often defined by their opposition to the values ​​of the dominant culture to which they belong, although this definition is not universally accepted, if not always an opposition between the subculture and culture in a radical way occurs.	If the subculture is characterized by a systematic opposition to the dominant culture, then it can be described as a counterculture.
In colloquial use, lipids are incorrectly called &quot;fat&quot; because fats are only one type of lipids from animals.	A complex lipids also called &quot;lipid membrane&quot; as they are the main molecules that form cell membranes.
The information theory is a branch of mathematical theory and computer science that studies the information and everything related to it: channels, data compression and encryption, among others.	The information is treated as physical quantity, information characterizing a sequence of symbols using entropy.
In the event that there are no or no modules are detected, most motherboards emit a series of beeps that indicate the absence of main memory.	For this reason the logic is considered a formal science, like mathematics, rather than an empirical science.
&quot;Christian Congregation of Jehovah&#39;s Witnesses&quot; (better known by the name of its members: &quot;Jehovah&#39;s Witnesses&quot;) is a religious denomination with headquarters in Brooklyn, Warwick and Wallkill, in upstate New York (United States) founded by Charles Taze Russell in 1878.	The organization of Jehovah&#39;s Witnesses (and the Watchtower Society, the main legal entity used) is headquartered in Brooklyn, New York (United States) from where its Governing Body oversees the worldwide work.
In Spain, for example, 70 years after the author&#39;s death his works into the public domain.	According to the Berne Convention works protected by copyright into the public domain 50 years of the author&#39;s death.
Any data packet sent by any machine is received by all the network.	In a multipoint network there is only one line of communication whose use is shared by all terminals on the network.
The &quot;Earth sciences&quot; or &quot;geoscience&quot; are the disciplines of natural sciences that study the structure, morphology, evolution and dynamics of the planet Earth.	Today, Earth sciences are a more quantitative extent of physical sciences based on empiricism, experimentation and reproducibility of observations.
Besides occupying most of the Iberian Peninsula, Spain consists of two archipelagos (the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean and the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea) and two autonomous cities (Ceuta and Melilla) in the north Africa, apart from several smaller islands in this area and nearby to the mainland, as the Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera, the Penon de Alhucemas, Chafarinas Islands and the island of Perejil.	Under the rules of the European Union, the territory of this country is divided into three biogeographic regions: Mediterranean, Atlantic and the Canary archipelago in the Atlantic Ocean belongs to the Macaronesian.
In quantum mechanics, the &quot;tunnel effect&quot; is a nanoscopic phenomenon that a particle violates the principles of classical mechanics penetrating a potential barrier to or greater than the kinetic energy of the particle itself impedance.	Pursuant to a particle is governed by the precepts of classical mechanics, this is considered &quot;quantum tunneling&quot;.
&quot;Earth&quot; (from &quot;Terra&quot;, the Latin name of &quot;Gea&quot;, Greek deity of femininity and fertility) is a planet in the solar system revolves around its star in the third innermost orbit.	Degassing of the crust and volcanic activity produced the primordial atmosphere of the Earth.
Unlike a simulator, which only tries to reproduce the behavior of the program, an emulator is accurately model the device so that this function as if it were being used in the original product.	Both the operating system and the program should be interpreted by the emulator, as if he were running on the original computer.
Isotopes were obtained with mass numbers from 242 to 259; fermium 257, which is the one that has a longer life, it has a half life of 80 days.	The isotope with longer life is Fm 257, which has a half life of about 100 days.
Isotopes are atoms that together are those same atomic number (number of protons in the nucleus), but different mass number (sum of the number of neutrons and protons in the nucleus).	Several unstable and artificial radioactive isotopes have applications in radiotherapy techniques in medicine.
&quot;Gran Canaria&quot; is an island located in the Atlantic Ocean, belonging to the Canary Islands in Spain.	The population of the island in 2011 was of 850,391 inhabitants, is also the capital of the eastern province (Las Palmas) and the Canary Islands, along with Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
There are two different times: the summer time and winter time (or standard time).	As a result, the &quot;flash&quot; technology provided by electrical pulses, allows much higher operating speeds versus EEPROM technology primitive, which allowed to act on a single memory cell in each programming operation.
Venus is commonly known as the morning star ( &quot;Morning Star&quot;) or the evening star ( &quot;Lucero Vespertine&quot;) and, when it is visible in the night sky, is the second brightest object in the sky after the Moon.	Venus is the most characteristic star in the skies of the morning and afternoon of the Earth (after the Sun and the Moon), and is known to man since prehistoric times.
The &quot;Iberian Peninsula&quot; is located in southwestern Europe; It is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea, the Atlantic and joined the rest of the European continent by the ocean northeast.	To the south, the peninsula is separated from Africa (Morocco and Algeria) for the Mediterranean Sea (which in this area is called Alboran Sea) and the Atlantic Ocean, the Strait of Gibraltar being the boundary between the two.
The &quot;anthem of the European Union&quot; officially &quot;European Anthem&quot; is one of the four official symbols of the European Union.	This hymn, as the European Union does not replace the national anthems of the EU countries, but &quot;celebrate the values ​​they all share&quot;.
Warsaw is internationally known for having given its name to the Warsaw Pact.	Badminton is an Olympic sport since 1992 in five modes: single male and female, male and female doubles and mixed doubles, where the couple consists of a man and a woman.
Named for the god of war in Roman mythology Mars, is sometimes nicknamed &quot;Red Planet&quot; because of the reddish appearance which gives the iron oxide that dominates its surface.	On November 10, 2084 will occur the next transit of Earth by the solar disk as seen from Mars.
The improvement of transport and communications has enabled the large-scale exploitation of natural resources, especially timber and iron ore.	The sparsely populated Norrland comprises more than half of the country&#39;s area.
A compiler is a program that allows you to translate the source of a program in high-level language to another lower level language (typically machine language) code.	It is the process by which the written instructions are translated into a specific programming language into machine language.
The &quot;mass&quot; in physics, is a measure of the amount of matter that has a body.	In relativistic physics, the mass is a function of the speed that the body has respect to the observer.
The &quot;autotrophic nutrition&quot; is the ability of certain organisms to synthesize all essential substances for their metabolism from inorganic substances, so no need for nourishment from other living beings.	They are called autotrophs because they generate their own food through inorganic substances for their metabolism.
&quot;Bodhisattva&quot; is a Buddhist term itself refers to someone who embarked on the path of Buddha significantly.	In primitive Buddhism, it is used to refer to someone who is on the path of Buddhahood.
The or &quot;POO&quot; ( &quot;OOP&quot; as its acronym in English) &quot;OOP&quot; is a programming paradigm that uses objects in their interactions to design applications and computer programs.	The OOP is emerged in the 70s paradigm that uses objects as key elements in building the solution.
The &quot;liquid&quot; is a state of matter in the form of highly incompressible fluid which means that its volume is very nearly constant over a large pressure range.	The liquid state is a state of aggregation of the intermediate material between the solid state and gaseous state.
The Spanish Royal Academy along with twenty other corresponding Academies in two Spanish-speaking countries, make up the Association of Spanish Language Academies.	These twenty academies are with the Royal Spanish Academy&#39;s Association of Spanish Language Academies (Asale), founded in 1951 under the First Congress of Academies held in Mexico.
In the shramánica philosophy, &quot;nirvana&quot; is the state of liberation both suffering (dukkha) and the cycle of rebirths.	Nirvana is the transcendent state free of suffering and individual phenomenal existence; It is the most identified with Buddhism religious experience.
&quot;Wind instruments&quot; or &quot;wind instruments&quot; are a family of musical instruments that produce sound by vibrating air mass inside without strings or membranes.	Wind instruments are those containing a gas capable of producing sound volume when properly excited.
The &quot;liquid&quot; is a state of matter in the form of highly incompressible fluid which means that its volume is very nearly constant over a large pressure range.	Viscosity is a measure of the resistance to displacement of fluid when a pressure difference exists.
The &quot;province of Almeria&quot; is a Spanish province of the autonomous community of Andalusia, located in the southeast of the Iberian Peninsula.	&quot;Television&quot; is a system for transmitting and receiving moving pictures and sound remote that uses a diffusion mechanism.
The &quot;Higgs boson&quot; or &quot;Higgs particle&quot; is an elementary particle proposed in the standard model.	The existence of the Higgs boson and the associated Higgs field would be the simplest of several methods standard model that try to explain the reason for the existence of mass in elementary particles.
The &quot;Burgos&quot; is a Spanish province in the north of the Iberian Peninsula and its capital is the city of Burgos.	Burgos is located in the northern part of the Iberian peninsula, in the historical region of Castilla la Vieja and since 1983 integrated in the autonomous community of Castilla y Leon (Spain).
It was erected as a personal prelature on November 28, 1982 by the Apostolic Constitution &quot;Ut sit&quot; granted by Pope John Paul II.	The Apostolic Constitution &quot;Ut Sit&quot; erected Opus Dei as a &quot;personal prelature of the Catholic Church&quot; on November 28, 1982.
Isotopes are atoms that together are those same atomic number (number of protons in the nucleus), but different mass number (sum of the number of neutrons and protons in the nucleus).	Currently each isotope is represented by the symbol for the element to which it belongs, placing as a subscript to the left atomic number (number of protons in the nucleus), and superscript left their mass number (sum of the number of protons and number of neutrons in the nucleus).
&quot;History of America&quot; ​​is the collective history of the peoples of the Americas, including the Caribbean and other nearby islands.	In American Prehistory, the Clovis Culture (about 13,500 years ago), it is the most archaeological remains and leaves that allows get an idea of ​​the intense activity of the people of hunters and gatherers who settled on the continent.
&quot;Ergonomics&quot; is the technological discipline that deals with the design of workplaces, tools and tasks that match the physiological, anatomical, psychological characteristics and capabilities of the worker.	Physical ergonomics is concerned with the anatomical, anthropometric, physiological and biomechanical characteristics of the user, as they relate to physical activity.
The &quot;catalysis&quot; is the process by which the rate of a chemical reaction is increased due to the involvement of a substance called &quot;catalyst&quot; and disabling catalysis are called &quot;inhibitors&quot;.	The catalyst may increase the reaction rate or selectivity, or allow the reaction to occur at lower temperatures.
&quot;Tennis&quot; is a sport that is practiced in a plain, rectangular, divided by an intermediate network, which is called pitch.	The &quot;United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland&quot;, abbreviated to &quot;United Kingdom&quot; or &quot;UK&quot; (in English: &quot;United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland&quot;, abbreviated &quot;United Kingdom&quot;, &quot;UK &quot;or&quot; Britain &quot;), is a sovereign member state of the European Union located northwest of Continental Europe.
The &quot;Tooth Fairy&quot; is a very popular legend personage between the Spanish and Latin American children.	Tooth Fairy is among the few fictional characters who have known royal residence.
The &quot;parsec&quot; or &quot;parsec&quot; (symbol &quot;PC&quot;) is a unit of length used in astronomy.	On the other hand, in Episode 2, in the same saga, the Senator Padme uses as a unit parsec away.
&quot;Iron Maiden&quot; is a British band of &quot;heavy metal&quot; was founded in 1975 by bassist Steve Harris.	Iron Maiden began to suffer from lower call for public concerts, and live performance Blaze left much to be desired.
This calendar had a year of 365 days, divided into three seasons, months of 30 days and &quot;deans&quot; of ten days.	The &quot;Adventist Development and Relief Agency&quot; (ADRA) (in English &quot;The Adventist Development and Relief Agency&quot;) is the worldwide humanitarian arm of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, established for the purpose
A &quot;language family&quot; is a group of languages ​​with a common historical origin and phylogenetically related, ie, seem to derive from an older language or proto-language ( &quot;mother tongue&quot;).	Often within a family it is possible to reliably reconstruct the common origin or &quot;protolengua mother&quot; of that family.
Historically the Pauli exclusion principle was formulated to explain the atomic structure, and was to impose a restriction on the distribution of electrons between different states.	The Pauli exclusion principle governs, therefore, many of the distinctive characteristics of matter.
The &quot;syphilis&quot;, also known as &quot;buas&quot;, &quot;buboes&quot; or &quot;syphilis&quot; is a sexually transmitted chronic infection caused by the spirochete bacterium &quot;Treponema pallidum&quot; subspecies &quot;pallidum&quot; (pronounced &quot;Pale lidum&quot;).	Syphilis is a form of the tropical infection of the skin, bones and joints, call yaw (also &quot;tropica Yaws,&quot; &quot;polypapilloma tropicum&quot;, &quot;thymosis&quot;, &quot;yaws&quot; or &quot;pian&quot;) caused by the spirochete bacteria &quot;Treponema pertenue&quot;.
The surface of 2,129,748 km² is Colombia, of which 1,141,748 sq km correspond to its mainland and the remaining 988,000 square kilometers to its maritime extension,	The total area of ​​Colombia is 2,129 km² 748 comprised of the mainland and maritime waters.
The &quot;Watt&quot; or &quot;watt&quot; is the power unit of the International System of Units.	Niger is the world&#39;s 22nd largest, with an area of ​​km² 1&#39;267.000 country, which for comparative purposes is similar to that of Peru or two and half times that of Spain.
However, in the case of whole must also calculate the sign of the result.	The multiplication of integers, like the sum, requires separately determine the sign and absolute value of the result.
Agadez is by far the largest department of Niger, with an area of ​​634,209 square kilometers, which is twice the size of Poland.	It is known as &quot;week&quot; cycle consisting of seven consecutive days; ie the period of 7 calendar days with consecutive character, which according to the ISO 8601 standard adopted by most countries in the world, begins on Monday and ends on Sunday,
It was founded on October 2, 1928 by Josemaria Escriva de Balaguer, Spanish priest canonized in 2002 by Pope John Paul II.	On October 2, 1928, Josemaria Escriva founded the &quot;Opus Dei&quot; as the &quot;way of sanctification directed to all kinds of people in the work and in the fulfillment of the ordinary duties of a Christian.&quot;
Perl borrows features of the C language, interpreted language bourne shell (sh), AWK, sed, Lisp, and, to a lesser extent, many other programming languages.	Structurally, Perl is based on a style blocks like C or AWK, and was widely adopted for its strengths in text processing and have no limitations other scripting languages.
In the West the most commonly used system horoscopes that claim to predict aspects of personality of people, and being able to predict the future based on the position of the sun, moon and other elements at the time of birth.	There was a significant correlation in the position of Mars at the time of birth with the quality of athletes in the study.
&quot;Wine&quot; (from the Latin &quot;vinum&quot;) is a drink made from grapes (species &quot;Vitis vinifera&quot;) by alcoholic fermentation of the must or juice.	The most abundant metal in the fruits of the &quot;vitis vinifera&quot; is potassium.
In Islam, where it is known as Isa, it is considered one of the most important prophets.	According to the Koran, it was one of the most beloved prophets of God and, unlike what happens in Christianity for Muslims has no divine character.
The &quot;hyperreal numbers&quot; are an extension of the set of real numbers that allow among other formalize some operations with infinitesimals, and try some classical results real analysis easier.	Conventional real numbers are a possible embodiment of the so-called first-order theory of the real numbers.
&quot;Andalusia&quot; is an autonomous community of Spain, with historical nationality status, according to the Autonomy Statute that governs it.	Andalusia reached the ownership of medical skills with the enactment of the Statute of Autonomy, which was developed through a process of transferring health jurisdictions from the state to the region.
&quot;Engineering&quot; is the set of knowledge and scientific techniques applied to the creation, improvement and implementation of structures (both physical and theoretical) for solving problems affecting the daily activity of the society.	Another defining characteristic engineering is the application of scientific knowledge to the invention or improvement of new techniques.
A &quot;natural space,&quot; &quot;natural landscape&quot; or &quot;natural environment&quot; is a part of the territory of the land that is not modified by human action.	The natural landscape is something that man is not changed, despite some small enclaves.
Therefore the sole purpose of cryptography was to get the &quot;confidentiality&quot; of messages.	The goal of cryptography is to design, implement, deploy, and use cryptographic systems to provide some form of security.
&quot;Chess&quot; is a game between two people, each of which has 16 moving parts are placed on a board divided into 64 squares.	Chess is not a game of chance, but a rational game, as each player will decide the movement of your pieces each turn.
&quot;Ponferrada&quot; is a municipality and city of Spain, capital of the region of El Bierzo, in the province of Leon, autonomous community of Castilla y Leon.	The city of Ponferrada is the sixth most populous city of Castile and Leon, outnumbering people in four provincial capitals and other municipalities in the region.
It consists of the 919 municipalities that make up the provinces of Albacete, Ciudad Real, Cuenca, Guadalajara and Toledo.	In Castilla-La Mancha existed in 2011, 137 associations which are allocated as follows: Albacete has 16 commonwealths, Ciudad Real has 19, 46 Cuenca, Guadalajara and Toledo 32 24.
However, when Venus is brighter, it can be seen during the day, one of only three celestial bodies that can be seen with the naked eye day, plus the moon and sun.	Venus is commonly known as the morning star ( &quot;Morning Star&quot;) or the evening star ( &quot;Lucero Vespertine&quot;) and, when it is visible in the night sky, is the second brightest object in the sky after the Moon.
The &quot;Gregorian calendar&quot; is an original calendar of Europe, currently used officially in almost everyone.	Although in their countries the Gregorian calendar is the official, the Orthodox churches (except Finland) still use the Julian calendar (or modifications of him different to the Gregorian calendar).
The &quot;alphabet&quot; or &quot;alphabet&quot; of a language or language is the ordered set of lyrics.	The alphabet of the Germanic peoples, called &quot;futhark&quot; (runes and Oghams) by the name of its six first letters, signs fell from 26 to 16.
In the General Assembly of the International Astronomical Union (IAU) meeting in Prague on August 24, 2006 a new category called Plutoid, which is included Pluto was created.	The &quot;gravitational constant&quot; is a physical constant obtained empirically, which determines the intensity of the force of gravitational attraction between bodies.
&quot;Simone de Beauvoir&quot; (Paris, January 9, 1908-Paris, April 14, 1986) was a writer, teacher and French philosopher.	Simone de Beauvoir was a professor of philosophy until 1943 in schools in different parts of France, as Ruan and Marseille.
The most important sources of income of New Brunswick are manufacturing, tourism, forestry, mining and fishing.	After the formation of the Confederation, New Brunswick continued growing economically, relying on fishing, mining and forestry.
The &quot;heraldry&quot; is the science of blazon ( &quot;blazon&quot; according to the RAE is defined as the &quot;art of explaining and describing the coats of arms of every family, city or person&quot;).	Heraldry is as regards the language of heraldry, the science of the heralds and the design of the armories.
The &quot;government&quot; is usually the authority that directs, controls and manages the state institutions which is driving the general policy or exercise of state power.	In broad terms, the government is that structure that holds the various state activities, commonly called branches of government (state functions).
&quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; (English title: &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot;) is an epic fantasy novel written by philologist and British writer JRR Tolkien.	While it is true that &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; was conceived as a continuation of &quot;The Hobbit&quot;, arguably it is &quot;The Silmarillion&quot;, a work that recounts the events of the Elder Days and in which the whole plot is built the &quot;legendarium&quot; that created JRR Tolkien.
The &quot;World War II&quot; was a global military conflict that developed between 1939 and 1945.	World War II changed the political relations and social structure of the world.
Greece is also a member of the European Union since 1981 and the Monetary and Economic Union since 2001, NATO since 1952 and the European Space Agency since 2005.	Greece is a member country of the European Union (EU) located at the southern tip of the Balkan Peninsula on the coast of the Mediterranean Sea.
It is called &quot;transport&quot; or &quot;transportation&quot; (from the Latin &quot;trans&quot;, &quot;the other side&quot;, and &quot;portare&quot;, &quot;carry&quot;) to move from one place to another in any element, generally persons or property.	The cargo is the discipline that studies the best way to carry from one place to another property.
&quot;Linguistic semantics&quot; is a subfield of general semantics and linguistics that studies the codification of meaning in linguistic expressions.	The transmission of information requires some coding semantic content in the form of linguistic expressions.
The &quot;parapsychology&quot; is a pseudo-science that studies the paranormal or psi phenomena (such as extrasensory perception, telekinesis, telepathy, precognition, clairvoyance, body experiences, spiritualism and poltergeist).	The PSI is an entity created to try to understand the mechanics alleged parapsychological phenomena, including extrasensory perception would be included, telepathy, clairvoyance, precognition, psychokinesis, the poltergeist, experiences near death, mediumship , the body experiences or miraculous healing.
&quot;Gabrielle Bonheur&quot; Coco &quot;Chanel&quot; (Saumur, August 19, 1883 - Paris, January 10, 1971) was a designer of French fashion.	Daughter of a traveling salesman and a housewife, both poor, Gabrielle Chanel was born in a hospice in Saumur, on August 19, 1883.
&quot;Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac&quot;, OM, FRS (August 8, 1902 - 20 of October 1984) was a British theoretical physicist who contributed fundamentally to the development of quantum mechanics and quantum electrodynamics.	It was one of the founders of quantum mechanics and quantum electrodynamics, being considered by some physicists as the most important physical twentieth century.
The &quot;biological evolution&quot; is the set of transformations or changes over time that caused the diversity of life forms that exist on Earth from a common ancestor.	However, the concept that life on Earth evolved from a common ancestor had already been formulated by various Greek philosophers.
The &quot;electrical potential&quot; or &quot;electrostatic potential&quot; at one point, is the work to be performed by an electrostatic field to move a positive charge &quot;q&quot; from that point to the benchmark, divided by unit test load.	The &quot;surf&quot; is a sport that consists of sliding on a wave standing on a table.
Each of the particles of the nature corresponds a &quot;antiparticle&quot; which has the same mass, the same spin, but different electric charge.	Thus Feynman came to understand graphically the fact that the particle and its antiparticle had the same mass &quot;m&quot; and spin &quot;J&quot; but opposite charges.
Strictly speaking, democracy is a form of state organization in which collective decisions are taken by the people through direct or indirect mechanisms of participation that giving legitimacy to their representatives.	&quot;Democracy&quot; is a form of social organization attributes the ownership of power to the whole society.
It was proposed by Hugo Ball, writer of the first Dada texts; subsequently, the Romanian Tristan Tzara would become the emblem of Dadaism joined.	It was later adopted by Tristan Tzara, who would become the most representative figure of Dadaism.
The &quot;robotic&quot; is the branch of technology that is dedicated to the design, construction, operation, structural disposition, manufacture and application of robots.	The term robotics is coined by Isaac Asimov, defining the science of robots.
Vatican City is home to the Holy See, the highest institution of the Catholic Church.	The highest authority of the Vatican and head of state of it is the high priest, so can be considered the only theocracy in Europe.
The &quot;Principality of Andorra&quot; (in Catalan: &quot;Principality of Andorra&quot;) is a small sovereign principality of southwestern Europe with an area of ​​468 km2, located in the Pyrenees between Spain and France, with an average altitude of 1,996 meters above sea level.	The highest mountain is the Comapedrosa peak, with an altitude of 2,942 meters, is located in the Pyrenees mountain range, nestled between the border of Spain and France.
It is called &quot;metal&quot; chemical elements characterized by being good conductors of heat and electricity.	By the theory of &quot;electron gas&quot; we can explain why metals are as good conductors of heat and electricity, but you need to understand the nature of the bonding between atoms.
It is called &quot;veterinary&quot; (Latin for &quot;veterinae&quot;, beast or pack animal) to medical science to prevent, diagnose and treat diseases of domestic animals, wild animals and livestock.	Veterinary science helps safeguard human health by monitoring the health of domestic animals and wildlife.
In information theory it is called &quot;Hamming distance&quot; to the effectiveness of block codes and depends on the difference between a valid code word and another.	Hamming distance is named by its inventor Richard Hamming, a professor at the University of Nebraska, who was the one who introduced the term to establish a metric capable of establishing a &quot;code for detecting and auto-correction codes.&quot;
&quot;The Call of Cthulhu&quot; is a horror role-playing game set in the twenties and particularly in the &quot;Cthulhu mythos&quot; fictional universe initiated by the American writer Howard Phillips Lovecraft.	Another RPG set in the Cthulhu mythos but adapted to an environment of science fiction is &quot;CthulhuTech&quot;.
Surgical treatment of breast cancer treatment lymph nodes is also proposed	Axillary.
The &quot;hyper-realism&quot; is a radical trend of realistic painting emerged in the US in the late 60s of the twentieth century proposed to reproduce reality more accurately and objectively than photography.	The term &quot;hyperrealism&quot; also applies to sculpture and cartoon (Luis Garcia, Alex Ross, etc).
The &quot;Three Wise Men&quot; (or simply &quot;Kings&quot;) is the name by which the tradition calls to visitors after the birth of Jesus of Nazareth, came from foreign countries to pay homage and give gifts of wealth symbolic gold, frankincense and myrrh.	C, &quot;the Magi are East but in this concern by seeking God seekers men of God of all places and all times are represented.&quot;
The &quot;Sun&quot; (Latin for &quot;sun&quot;, &quot;solis&quot; turn of proto-Indo-European root &quot;sauel-&quot;) alone, representing about 98.6 percent of the mass of the solar system.	The Sun, along with all the celestial bodies orbiting around it, including Earth, form the Solar System.
Argentina&#39;s economic crisis of late 2001 paralyzes this development recently recovered with the expansion that occurs in the area of ​​construction almost three years later.	&quot;Prostitution&quot; is defined as the act of engaging in sexual activities or to have sex in exchange for money or goods.
The &quot;Principality of Andorra&quot; (local name &quot;Principat d&#39;Andorra&quot;) is a state in southern Europe, located in the foothills of the eastern Pyrenees.	It is a landlocked state, which are important crossroads in the Pyrenees.
Bacteria are prokaryotic and therefore, unlike eukaryotic cells (animals, plants, fungi, etc.), do not have the defined core or have, in general, internal membranous organelles.	Since bacteria are prokaryotes have no cytoplasmic organelles delimited by membranes and therefore have few intracellular structures.
The soundtrack was made by Wojciech Kilar, except the ending theme song &quot;Love Song for a Vampire&quot;, which was composed by Annie Lennox.	The main theme of the movie &quot;Love Song for a Vampire&quot; ( &quot;Love Song for a Vampire&quot;) was written by Annie Lennox, who attaching it to work Kilar, would market a disc with the soundtrack and the songs performed by Lennox.
The &quot;peseta&quot; was the currency in Spain since its adoption on October 19, 1868 until January 1, 1999, when the euro was introduced.	On December 31, 1998, the peseta was delisted and was replaced by the euro.
The peseta continued to circulate until 31 December 2001 with the legal consideration of &#39;no decimal fraction euro &quot;and then provisionally until 28 February 2002.	The peseta continued in circulation until 28 February 2002, with the introduction of the euro, after 133 years of existence.
The &quot;Proterozoic&quot;, a division of the geologic time scale, is a geological eon belonging to the Precambrian ranging from 2,500 million years ago to 542 million years ago, lasting 1958 million years, 0 ± 1.0 million years.	It is the branch of linguistics that studies the production and perception of sounds of a language regarding their &quot;physical&quot; manifestations.
In standard conditions for temperature and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless diatomic gas, odorless and tasteless with O formula 2.	In standard conditions for temperature and pressure, oxygen is a colorless, odorless gas with molecular formula O 2, wherein two oxygen atoms are bonded with an electronic configuration triplet state.
Habermas is the most prominent member of the second generation of the Frankfurt School and one of the exponents of Critical Theory developed at the Institute for Social Research.	It relies on the idea of ​​a complete transformation of the critique of knowledge critique of society.
The &quot;cycling&quot; is a sport that involves the use of the bicycle to tour circuits outdoor, indoor, or encompassing different specialties such as those mentioned below.	The &quot;measles&quot; is a fairly common, especially in children exanthematous infectious disease such as rubella and chickenpox, caused by a virus, specifically a paramyxovirus of the genus &quot;Morbillivirus&quot;.
The &quot;visual design&quot; or &quot;visual communication design&quot; is a professional discipline that studies information systems, in order to convert data into visual forms, taking into account the perceptual processes.	The &quot;Antarctica&quot; or &quot;Antarctica&quot; is the continent on which is the South Pole.
For much of the twentieth century (mainly the first half) a period of great economic growth in the context of a policy dominated by a single political party took place.	Most of the railway network currently serves to transport goods.
The &quot;Structured Query Language&quot; or &quot;SQL&quot; (for its acronym in English &quot;structured query language&quot;) is a declarative language for accessing relational databases to specify different types of operations on them.	SQL is a language of access to databases that exploits the flexibility and power of relational systems and thus enables a variety of operations.
In the 1980s, universal schooling and industrialization enabled the country to develop a successful manufacturing industry.	The vast majority of its people born after World War II, understand and speak English thanks to trade links, the popularity of foreign travel and a strong Anglo-American influence.
&quot;History of Christianity&quot; it refers to the Christian religion, its followers and the Church, with its different denominations, from the first century to the present.	Roman policy was tolerant religion and customs of the conquered peoples.
&quot;Argentina&quot; officially &quot;Argentina Republic&quot; is a country of America, organized as a representative and federal republic, situated in the extreme southeast and southern South America.	Argentina is the fourth most visited country in the Americas most visited South America.
&quot;Joaquín Ramón Martínez Sabina&quot; (Ubeda, Jaen, February 12, 1949), known artistically as &quot;Joaquin Sabina&quot; is a Spanish singer-songwriter and poet of success in Spanish-speaking countries.	Joaquin Sabina was born on February 12, 1949 in the town of Ubeda (Jaen, Spain), second son of Adela Sabina del Campo, housewife and Jerome Martinez Gallego, police inspector. who they devoted mainly versioning rock singers like Elvis Presley, Chuck Berry and Little Richard.
The &quot;reggae&quot; is a musical genre that was first developed in Jamaica in the mid-1960s.	Rap is a style of singing or talking on an instrumental album that was used for the first time in Jamaica in 1960, where he was known as Toasting, by deejays like U-Roy and Dennis Alcapone.
The purpose of this art is to provoke an aesthetic experience in the listener, and express feelings, circumstances, thoughts or ideas.	Most researchers agree the appearance of the structure, ie the fact that music involves an organization; but some modern theorists differ in that the result should be pleasant or enjoyable.
In the seventh century, Muslims had begun a rapid expansion in which they occupied the Middle East and North Africa, reaching the Iberian Peninsula early next century, under the last Umayyad Caliphate process expansionist Damascus.	718 towards the Iberian Peninsula, except for the northern mountainous areas inhabited by Vascones, Cantabria and Asturias, was in the hands of the Umayyad Caliphate.
The &quot;civil procedural law&quot; is a branch of procedural law governing the action before the courts for the protection of rights in matters of civil or commercial nature.	The civil procedural law is the set of adjectival legal rules of public policy governing formalities necessary for the implementation of the substantive institutions under civil law of a State.
The &quot;standard model&quot; of particle physics is a theory that describes the relationships between the known fundamental interactions and elementary particles that make up all matter.	Within this, the standard model includes two major theories - the electroweak interaction and quantum chromodynamics which provides an internally consistent theory describing the interactions between all particles observed experimentally.
He won the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1906 for discovering the mechanisms that govern the morphology and connective processes of nerve cells, a revolutionary new theory that came to be called the &quot;&quot; neuron doctrine &quot;,&quot; based on the tissue brain is composed of individual cells.	It was in 1888, defined by the Ramon y Cajal himself as its &quot;peak year&quot; when he discovered the mechanisms that govern the morphology and connective processes of nerve cells in the gray matter of the cerebral spinal nervous system.
The mass of the neutrino has important implications for the standard model, since it would involve the possibility of changes among the three types of neutrinos in a phenomenon known as neutrino oscillation.	Neutrinos can pass from one family to another (ie, change of taste) in a process known as neutrino oscillation.
A &quot;Turing machine&quot; is a device that manipulates symbols on a strip of tape according to a table of rules.	A Turing machine is a computational model that performs a read / write automatically on an entry called tape, generating an output in the same.
Vatican City is home to the Holy See, the highest institution of the Catholic Church.	The author of the book says that the cuisine of this country is &quot;one of the most complex and richest in the world, much more than any Royal House.&quot;
The family, whose name derived from the genus Iris, has more than 2,000 species distributed by almost everyone, one of the most important families in horticulture.	The family includes about 70 genera and over 1600 species distributed throughout the globe, with a marked concentration of species in the Southern Hemisphere and the largest center of radiation in Africa south of the Sahara.
Moreover ichthyology also deals with the biology and behavior of fish.	The play &quot;animal Regne d&#39;après are distribué organization&quot; of Georges Cuvier, published between 1817-1830 was a key step classification of fish.
The &quot;Solar System&quot; is a planetary system where Earth is.	Interplanetary gas is a tenuous flow of gas and charged particles that form a plasma that is ejected by the sun in the solar wind.
The &quot;national anthem&quot; is, in most cases, a patriotic musical composition accepted by the government of a country as the official state music.	During the seventeen years he spent in Hartford and twenty at Quarry Farm, Twain wrote many of his classic novels such as &quot;The Adventures of Tom Sawyer&quot; (1876), &quot;The Prince and the Pauper&quot; (1881), &quot;Life in the Mississippi &quot;(1883),&quot; adventures of Huckleberry Finn &quot;(1885) and&quot; a Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur&#39;s court &quot;(1889).
Cancer is a genetic disease caused by mutations in certain genes.	These mutations should cause any alteration in the sequence of proto-oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes, which are responsible for regulating the cell cycle and programmed cell death (apoptosis).
In computing, a &quot;hard&quot; or &quot;hard drive&quot; (in English &quot;Hard Disk Drive&quot; HDD) is a non-volatile data storage device that uses a magnetic recording system for storing digital data.	A &quot;solid state drive&quot; or &quot;SSD&quot; (short for &quot;solid-state drive&quot;) is a data storage device that can be built with non-volatile memory or volatile memory.
The &quot;theory of relativity&quot; is composed roughly by two major theories (special relativity and general relativity) made by Albert Einstein in the early twentieth century, who sought to resolve the incompatibility between Newtonian mechanics and electromagnetism.	The special relativity, also called theory of relativity, was published by Albert Einstein in 1905 and describes the physics of movement within the framework of a flat spacetime.
Perhaps the least known facet is his project (in 1935) of a jet engine (called &quot;Mototurbocompresor Continuous Reaction&quot;) the start of the Civil War prevented him from starting.	During his time in prison he designed a jet engine, original and revolutionary for its time, which he called Continuous Reaction Mototurbocompresor.
Among other discoveries made by the Dirac equation that describes the behavior of fermions and which predicted the existence of antimatter.	He founded Dirac quantum field theory with its interpretation of the Dirac equation as an equation of many bodies, which predicted the existence of antimatter and annihilation processes of matter and antimatter.
Karma is usually interpreted as a cosmic &#39;law&#39; pay, or cause and effect.	Instead, according to Yogananda, there would ministers to enforce the law of karma, but it would run itself as cosmic, astral or spiritual law automatically.
The &quot;Collegiate Basilica of San Isidoro&quot; or simply &quot;San Isidoro de León&quot; is a Christian church located in the city of Leon in Spain.	The cock-vane tower San Isidoro was for centuries the most precious symbol of the city of Leon.
Later, for nearly a century the country was embroiled in a series of internal wars and foreign invasions that had repercussions in all areas of life of Mexicans.	Spanish is the dominant language in official business and is the mother tongue of most Mexicans.
The ASCII code uses 7 bits to represent the characters, although initially employed an additional bit (parity bit) that was used to detect transmission errors.	At the time in which the ASCII code was introduced many computers working with groups of eight bits (bytes or octets) as the smallest unit of information; where the eighth bit is commonly used as a parity bit error control functions in communication lines or other device-specific functions.
Neuroanatomy is the study of the structure and organization of the nervous system.	The first known written record of a study of the anatomy of the human brain is Egyptian, the Edwin Smith Papyrus.
&quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; (English title: &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot;) is an epic fantasy novel written by philologist and British writer JRR Tolkien.	JRR Tolkien planned &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; as a sequel to his earlier novel, &quot;The Hobbit,&quot; but ended up becoming a story much more scope and extension, written in stages between 1937 and 1949, it was first published once in the UK between 1954 and 1955 in three volumes.
any fragment thereof is not retained and is likely to not leave any writing to his death.	The philosophy of Thales, is not known firsthand, since he has not survived any written Tales (in fact, is not even sure you have written something).
Although the Coulomb is a derived unit of the International System, in electric batteries it is very common to use the AH unit (Ampere-hour), which reflects the total amount of charge that can accumulate the battery.	Weight equivalent to the force exerted by one body on a support, caused by the action of the local gravitational field on body mass.
The &quot;power electronics&quot; expression is used to differentiate the type of application that is given to electronic devices, in this case to transform and control voltages and currents significant levels.	In this type of application the electrical and electronics meet again, because the control that allow electronic circuits to control driving (on and off) of power semiconductors for handling currents and voltages in power applications is used.
It is located in the heart of the city, on a hill between the rivers Bernesga and Torío, whose elevated position between two continuous water sources decided to create the camp of Legio VI Victrix, origin of the city.	The old Leon is located in the city center and on a hill from which much of the space is dominated between Bernesga and Torío rivers.
In an atom, the number of protons in the nucleus determines the chemical properties of the atom and which chemical element.	In chemistry, the number of protons in the nucleus of an atom is known as atomic number (Z), and determines the chemical element to which the atom belongs.
&quot;Blade Runner&quot; is an American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott, it premiered in 1982 and partly based on the novel by Philip K. Dick &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?&quot; (1968).	Michael Green is working on the script for the sequel to &quot;Blade Runner&quot; about a letter written by Hampton Fancher, screenwriter of the original movie based on the novel by Philip K. Dick &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?&quot; Story.
Karma is usually interpreted as a cosmic &#39;law&#39; pay, or cause and effect.	According to the Hindus, karma is a &quot;law&quot; of action and reaction: each action corresponds a committed equal and opposite reaction.
Treatment of breast cancer is multidisciplinary, that is precisely the combination of various modalities or therapeutic for effective disease control disciplines.	Therapeutic modalities against breast cancer are surgery, radiotherapy, chemotherapy, hormonal therapy and biomolecular therapy.
This difference is called Hamming distance, and is defined as the number of bits that have to be changed to transform a valid code word in another valid code word.	Hamming distance is named by its inventor Richard Hamming, a professor at the University of Nebraska, who was the one who introduced the term to establish a metric capable of establishing a &quot;code for detecting and auto-correction codes.&quot;
The &quot;palmistry&quot; or &quot;Palmistry&quot; is the attempt of divination through reading the lines hand.	It is said that in the hands can learn the fate of a person and guess past, present and future events.
&quot;JPEG&quot; (for &quot;Joint Photographic Experts Group&quot; Joint Photographic Experts Group) is the name of an expert committee that created a standard compression and encoding files and still images.	The JPEG format usually uses a lossy compression to reduce the size of image files.
The &quot;Dalai Lama&quot; (from the Mongolian word &quot;dalai&quot;, &quot;ocean&quot; and Tibetan &quot;Lama&quot;, &quot;spiritual master&quot; or &quot;guru&quot;) is the title that gets the leader of the Tibetan government in exile and the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism or Lamaism before the Chinese invasion.	In March 2011 the Dalai Lama announced that he was resigning all political charges was in possession of the Tibetan government in exile, to be just as spiritual and religious leader.
Most sources cited as founding date of the city on July 26, 1325, according to information provided by the Mexica and is registered in several documents.	Most of the historical sources show that the foundation of Mexico-Tenochtitlan occurred in 1325.
The word &quot;Judaism&quot; refers to religion, tradition and culture of the Jewish people.	The Jews, once conquered the city of Jericho, settled in the agricultural area of ​​Canaan, land which in the &quot;Bible&quot; it is said that &quot;oozed milk and honey.&quot;
The city is located in the valley of Guayangareo, formed by a fold of Neovolcanic Transversal, in the northern region of the state, in the center-west of the country.	The city is located in a broad valley formerly called Valley Guayangareo in the center-north of the town, which is surrounded by hills and slopes among which east the hill of Punhuato, west peak Quinceo, the hills south of Santa Maria and the peak of the Eagle.
The information is treated as physical quantity, information characterizing a sequence of symbols using entropy.	According to information theory, the level of information from a source can be measured by the entropy of it.
The value of the speed of light in vacuum was officially inducted into the International System of Units as constant 21 October 1983,	If you combine this observation with the principle of relativity, it is concluded that all observers will measure the speed of light in vacuum as the same, regardless of the reference frame of the observer or the velocity of the object emitting the light.
Many bacteria have flagella or other systems and movable displacement.	Many bacteria have a layer of molecules of protein S rigid structure covering the cell wall.
Urban planning urban geography used as a fundamental tool, and try to understand urban processes to plan interventions for the qualification of space.	The &quot;urban,&quot; is the set of techniques derived from urban serve for urban intervention, including urban processes in order to achieve an efficiency of urban intervention are systematized.
Psychology explores concepts such as perception, attention, motivation, emotion, brain function, intelligence, personality, personal relationships, consciousness and unconsciousness.	The &quot;Basic psychology&quot; is the part of psychology whose primary function collection and structured organization of new knowledge about the fundamentals of performance of the basic psychological processes such as perception, attention, memory, language, learning, reasoning and problem solving.
Computer memories provide one of the main functions of modern computing, retention or storage.	The &quot;logic&quot; is a formal science that studies the principles of valid inference and demonstration.
The &quot;genotype&quot; refers to the genetic information possessed by a particular organism, in DNA form.	Phenotype refers to the expression of the genotype more environmental influence.
This license was originally created by Richard founder of the Free Software Foundation (FSF) for the GNU (GNU project) project Stallman.	The GPL was created by Richard Stallman in 1989 to protect programs released as part of the GNU project.
Also it called and the set of rules and principles governing the use of a given particular language; so each language has its own grammar.	languages ​​have also been created as part of a fictional world (such as Klingon and Quenya), and each has its own grammar.
With around 52,000 hectares of agricultural area, Rome is the greenest city in Europe.	&quot;Benidorm&quot; is a municipality in the province of Alicante, in Valencia, Spain.
The law of the &quot;conservation of energy&quot; states that the total amount of energy in any isolated physical system (no interaction with any other system) remains unchanged over time, but that energy can be transformed into another form of energy.	&quot;Saudi Arabia&quot; or &quot;Saudi Arabia&quot; is a monarchy in the Middle East in the Arabian Peninsula.
If the term &quot;day&quot; with another word to that text must be understood as the mean solar day, the basis of civil time, which is divided into 24 hours, 60 minutes, 60 seconds, and hard, therefore, 86,400 seconds	For practical purposes the concept of mean solar day, which lasts 24 hours, or what is the same, handles 86,400 seconds.
A &quot;text&quot; is a composition of signs encoded in a writing system (as an alphabet) that forms a unit of meaning.	This &quot;text&quot; or set of signs drawn from a speech must meet conditions of textuality.
During his last years he worked to integrate in a same theory the gravitational force and electromagnetic.	Einstein spent his last years in search of one of the most important theories of physics, the so-called unified field theory.
The surface of 2,129,748 km² is Colombia, of which 1,141,748 sq km correspond to its mainland and the remaining 988,000 square kilometers to its maritime extension,	The mainland Colombia is 1,141,748 square kilometers and maritime waters of 658,000 sq km, of which 339,500 sq km correspond to 318,500 sq km Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean.
The &quot;jazz&quot; is a musical genre born in the second half of the nineteenth century in the United States, which expanded globally throughout the twentieth century.	&quot;Alcázar de San Juan&quot; is a city of the autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha, located in the northeast of the province of Ciudad Real.
The European Union is composed of twenty-eight European states and was established by the entry into force of the Treaty on European Union (TEU), on November 1, 1993.	However, with the entry into force on 1 December 2009, the Treaty of Lisbon, the European Union succeeded, completely although with certain peculiarities, to the European Communities and took with it its unique legal status as a subject of international law .
However, in the case of whole must also calculate the sign of the result.	In the sum of two integers, it is determined separately the sign and the absolute value of the result.
The city is also home to the Courts and the Board of the autonomous community of Castilla y Leon.	Valladolid hosts the headquarters of the Castile and Leon and Castile and Leon, including the Presidency of this and his twelve ministries.
In 1813 he was awarded the honorary title of &quot;Liberator&quot; by the Council of Merida in Venezuela which, after being ratified in Caracas that year, was associated with his name.	Thus, in this triumphal entry it was first awarded the title of &quot;The Liberator&quot;, by decision of the Council of Merida.
Among the most common species include &quot;Castilian Agrostis&quot; and &quot;creeping bentgrass,&quot; the latter widely used on golf courses since it is highly invasive and creates a perfect mat for practicing this sport.	Spontaneous species in the grasslands of the Iberian Peninsula are plentiful, although of poor nutritional value.
In a broad sense, democracy is a form of social coexistence in which members are free and equal and social relations are established according to contractual arrangements.	The &quot;province of Almeria&quot; is a Spanish province of the autonomous community of Andalusia, located in the southeast of the Iberian Peninsula.
The &quot;axon&quot;, &quot;cilindroeje&quot; or &quot;neurite&quot; is an extension of specialized neurons in conducting nerve impulses from the cell body or soma to another cell.	The axon is a long thin extension of neurons that originates in a specialized region called axonal eminence or axon hillock, from the soma, or sometimes a dendrite.
Biotechnology is widely used in agriculture, pharmacy, food science, environment and medicine.	For the sixteenth century Móstoles was a communications center whose importance was in being the crossroads of several important roads.
&quot;Ana Maria Matute Ausejo&quot; (Barcelona, ​​July 26, 1925), Spanish novelist, who is a member of the Royal Spanish Academy (where he holds the seat K) and the third woman to receive the Cervantes Prize, won in 2010.	In 1996 he published &quot;Forgotten King Gudu&quot; and in 1998 is chosen academic of the Royal Spanish Academy where he holds the K seat, becoming the third woman who is part of this institution.
A &quot;clinical trial&quot; is an experimental evaluation of a product, substance, drug, diagnostic or therapeutic technique, as applied to human beings, intended to assess its efficacy and safety.	The &quot;Coulomb&quot; or &quot;coulomb&quot; (symbol &quot;C&quot;) is the derivative unit of the international system for measuring the physical quantity &quot;amount of electricity&quot; (electric charge).
Dinosaurs are traditionally classified into two groups depending on the structure of your hip, saurischians and ornitisquios.	Dinosaurs are divided into two orders, Saurischia and Ornithischia, which are based on the structure of the hip.
The &quot;tungsten&quot; or &quot;tungsten&quot;, also called &quot;tungsten&quot; is a chemical element with atomic number 74 that is in group 6 of the periodic table.	&quot;Democracy&quot; is a form of social organization attributes the ownership of power to the whole society.
A compiler is a program that allows you to translate the source of a program in high-level language to another lower level language (typically machine language) code.	Thus emerged for the first time the concept of a translator as a program translating one language into another language.
On 18 January 1535, the Spanish foundation was made with the name of &quot;City of Kings&quot; in the agricultural region known by the natives as &quot;limaq&quot;, a name acquired over time.	Thus, January 18, 1535 Lima was founded with the name &quot;City of Kings&quot;.
&quot;President of the Republic of Chile&quot; is the Head of State and Government of Chile and its highest political authority.	Since March 11, 2010, the President of the Republic of Chile&#39;s Sebastian Pinera.
&quot;Warrior&quot; is one of the 31 states that along with the Federal District, comprise the 32 states of Mexico.	The Free and Sovereign State of Guerrero is one of the 32 states of the United Mexican States.
Overweight and obesity are the fifth leading risk factor for death in the world.	Excess body weight (overweight and obesity) produces major alteration in the Kupperman Index, metabolism, sleep and quality of life.
The &quot;Chile&quot; is a Mexican musical genre of the Costa Chica region, border area between southern Mexican states of Guerrero and Oaxaca, although its influence extends to other nearby regions.	Chilean specifically emerged in what today comprises the Costa Chica of Guerrero and Oaxaca, in the districts of Jamiltepec, Juquila and Pochutla; however, it soon spread throughout the area known as the Costa Chica, comprising the states of Guerrero and Oaxaca, and by itself is a cultural region within the highly complex and dissimilar but interconnected cultural territory of Guerrero-Oaxaca .
The &quot;Earth sciences&quot; or &quot;geoscience&quot; are the disciplines of natural sciences that study the structure, morphology, evolution and dynamics of the planet Earth.	Earth sciences are a tool to plan a rational exploitation of natural resources, understanding the causes of natural phenomena that affect humans and how human nature influences their actions.
As there are many programs and hardware access is limited, it is also in charge of deciding which program may use a hardware device and for how long, what is known as multiplexing.	The core operates as an allocator of resources for any process that needs to use the computer facilities.
The municipality begins in Volcano Arafo and ends in the ravine Erques.	Two natural accidents clearly defined define this zone: The Slope of Güímar (north) and the Barranco de Erques or Herques (south).
This enhancement does not vary from language to language, but usually include variation in pitch and duration of the syllable.	The phonetic nature of the accent varies from language to language and includes several mechanisms such as pitch, intensity and sometimes the quality and quantity of the vowel or segment receiving the accent.
The &quot;pressure&quot; (symbol &quot;p&quot;) is a physical quantity that measures the projection of force in perpendicular direction per unit area, and serves to characterize how a given resultant force on a line applies.	The pressure is the scalar quantity that relates the force to the surface on which it acts, that is, equal to the force acting on the surface.
In the shramánica philosophy, &quot;nirvana&quot; is the state of liberation both suffering (dukkha) and the cycle of rebirths.	As in Hinduism, the realization of the Buddhist nirvana implies definitive liberation of the suffering of the existence or the different states of reincarnation to which all beings are subject.
The &quot;Neutron&quot; is a subatomic particle, a nucleon, no net charge present in the atomic nuclei of almost all atoms except protium.	The neutron is electrically neutral particle one, 1838.4 mass times the electron and the proton 1.00137 times; together with protons, neutrons are the fundamental constituents of the atomic nucleus and are considered as two forms of the same particle: the nucleon.
&quot;Cancer&quot; is a disease caused by a group of cells multiply uncontrollably and independently, invading other tissues locally and remotely.	Cancer is a genetic disease caused by mutations in certain genes.
Throughout its history, the Mesoamerican people built a civilization whose expressions speak shared by several towns and traits that distinguish each other elements.	Mesoamerican peoples are an ethnic and linguistic mosaic that lasts until today.
&quot;Daphne&quot; is a genus of shrubby plants Eurasia itself established by Linnaeus in 1753.	The genus was described by Linnaeus and published in &quot;Species Plantarum.&quot;
The &quot;Ontogeny&quot; (also called morphogenesis or ontogenesis) describes the development of an organism, from the fertilized egg until senescence, through the adult form.	The idea that ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny, ie the development of an organism exactly reflects the evolutionary development of the species, is now discredited.
Wikipedia does not have rigid rules, but it is expected that publishers abide by the principles set out in policies and conventions, except when there is a good reason not to.	This means that individual publishers (Include &quot;you&quot;) enforce and implement policies and conventions.
The &quot;United Nations Security Council&quot; is the United Nations agency responsible for maintaining peace and security among nations.	The son of Romulus, Numa Pompilius, in gratitude to the goddess, establishes the cult of the Vestals.
This difference is called Hamming distance, and is defined as the number of bits that have to be changed to transform a valid code word in another valid code word.	In information theory it is called &quot;Hamming distance&quot; to the effectiveness of block codes and depends on the difference between a valid code word and another.
In physics, the &quot;strength&quot; is a vector quantity that measures the intensity of the exchange of momentum between two particles or particle systems.	With the development of quantum electrodynamics, the mid-twentieth century, it was found that the &quot;strength&quot; was a purely macroscopic quantity resulting from the conservation of momentum or momentum for elementary particles.
Overweight and obesity are the fifth leading risk factor for death in the world.	Government agencies in the US determine overweight and obesity using the body mass index (BMI) using weight and height to determine body fat.
The &quot;death&quot; is a terminal process of extinction of the homeostatic process of a living being and, therefore, concludes with the end of life.	It is often said that one of the key features is that death is final, and indeed, scientists have not been able so far to witness the recomposition of the homeostatic process from a thermodynamically recoverable point.
Sucrose is a disaccharide consisting of one molecule of glucose and fructose, which is obtained mainly from sugar cane or beets.	Sugar is a sweetener natural, solid, crystallized origin, essentially composed of loose sucrose crystals, obtained from sugar cane &quot;(Saccharum officinarum L)&quot; or sugarbeet &quot;(Beta vulgaris L.)&quot; by procedures industrial appropriate.
&quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; (English title: &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot;) is an epic fantasy novel written by philologist and British writer JRR Tolkien.	&quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; was started as a sequel to &quot;The Hobbit&quot;, a fantasy story published in 1937 and had originally been written by Tolkien for his children.
It is called &quot;trade&quot; consistent socio-economic activity in the exchange of some materials that are free in the market for buying and selling goods and services, whether for use, for sale or processing.	The foundation of capitalism is the establishment of companies specializing in purchasing, production and sale of goods and services in a free market state control.
The feast of St. Valentine was celebrated by the Roman Catholic Church every 14 February to 1969 in the traditional liturgical calendar, when it was removed this post-conciliar date calendar.	A kilobit per second is a unit of measure used in telecommunications and computer to calculate the speed of transfer of information through a network.
On February 24, 1530, the day of his birthday in Bologna, Carlos was crowned Holy Roman Emperor by Pope Clement VII, who became an ally of the imperial cause.	Plurinational State of Bolivia is in the southern hemisphere and west of the Greenwich Meridian therefore has south latitude and west longitude.
The &quot;Community of Madrid&quot; is an autonomous community of Spain located in the center of the Iberian Peninsula and, within this, in the middle of the Central Plateau.	Madrid also is the organizer of the Club World Cup Under-17 international.
&quot;Cancer&quot; is a disease caused by a group of cells multiply uncontrollably and independently, invading other tissues locally and remotely.	Cancer growth is uncontrolled and accelerated by a continuous process of cell division.
&quot;The Call of Cthulhu&quot; is a horror role-playing game set in the twenties and particularly in the &quot;Cthulhu mythos&quot; fictional universe initiated by the American writer Howard Phillips Lovecraft.	&quot;The Call of Cthulhu&quot; is based on the Cthulhu mythos, the world created by the American writer HP Lovecraft and a circle of authors who exchanged stories including approximately from 1920 to 1930.
&quot;Gopher&quot; is an Internet service consisting access to information through menus.	Largely access a Gopher server is similar to using an FTP site, since the information is presented in menus containing files and folders.
As a gas, a liquid is flowable take the form of a container.	As fluid subject to gravity, the form of a liquid is defined by its container.
The receiving fax machine reconverts the coded image and prints it on paper.	The &quot;flamenco&quot; is a style of music and dance that originated in Andalusia (Spain).
Currently, the Veterinary Technician is also responsible for sanitary inspection and food control, the prevention of zoonoses.	Finally, the Veterinary Technician is prepared to provide cooperation in the control of environmental hygiene, pest control, food inspection and control.
&quot;Yves Henri Donat Mathieu Saint Laurent&quot; (Oran, Algeria, Aug. 1, 1936 - Paris, June 1, 2008) was a French fashion designer and entrepreneur, founder of the eponymous brand of couture clothing.	Yves Saint Laurent died in Paris on June 1, 2008, at the age of 71, after a long illness of brain cancer.
The more impure it is, the lower the melting point and the wider the range of variation.	However, if impurities are present, they cause decreases the melting point and the melting range is extended.
&quot;President of the Republic of Chile&quot; is the Head of State and Government of Chile and its highest political authority.	As a result of it, from 1891 and until 1920, the president became a &quot;Head of State, neutral to the parties&quot; without greater powers of government within a pseudoparlamentario regime.
In this family as important food species like the potato &quot;(Solanum tuberosum),&quot; tomatoes &quot;(Solanum lycopersicum&quot;), eggplant &quot;(Solanum melongena&quot;) and chilies or peppers &quot;(Capsicum&quot;) are included.	Among the Solanaceae as important to humans as potatoes or potato ( &quot;Solanum tuberosum&quot;), tomatoes or tomato ( &quot;Solanum lycopersicum&quot;), chili, chili or pepper ( &quot;Capsicum annuum&quot;) or food species are counted eggplant ( &quot;Solanum melongena&quot;).
However traditional microbiology has been especially busy pathogens from bacteria, viruses and fungi, leaving other microorganisms in the hands of parasitology and other categories of biology.	Martinus Beijerinck made two major contributions to microbiology: the discovery of viruses and the development of microbiological culture techniques.
In fact, the West is the birthplace of democracy, Western philosophy, the Olympic Games, Western and literature study of history, politics and the most important principles of mathematics and science.	Both classical Greek and Byzantine represent for most Greeks the precursor of the current Hellenic Republic.
The &quot;iridáceas&quot; ( &quot;Iridaceae&quot;) are a family of perennial, herbaceous and bulbous plants belonging to the order of the Asparagales in monocots.	The iridáceas are usually herbaceous and perennial, rarely annual or woody shrub with anomalous secondary growth.
Decimal notation of a rational number is either a finite decimal number, or newspaper.	The &quot;decimal value&quot; of a rational number, is simply the result of dividing the numerator by the denominator.
The &quot;trigonometry&quot; is a branch of mathematics, whose etymological meaning is &quot;measurement of triangles&quot;.	Trigonometry is an important branch of mathematics devoted to the study of the relationship between the sides and angles of a triangle and a circle.
The film was well received by audiences and earned four Academy Award nominations in 1992, of which he won three: Best Costume Design, Best Makeup and Best Sound Editing.	The film won three Academy Awards: Best Costume Design (Eiko Ishioka), Best Sound Editing (Tom C. McCarthy and David E. Stone) and Best Makeup (Greg Cannom, Michèle Burke, Matthew W. Mungle).
Maxwell realized that the conservation of electric charge seemed to require introducing an additional term in the law of Ampere.	The &quot;peacekeepers of the UN&quot;, popularly known as the &quot;blue helmets&quot; because of the color of them, are responsible military bodies to create and maintain peace in areas of conflict, monitor and observe the peace process and assist former combatants in implementing treaty for peaceful purposes.
Usually, usually it adheres to the definition of the state, recognition by the international community.	Today the accepted doctrine for the recognition of States is the Estrada doctrine, pragmatic as long as a subject is not annoying to the international society will not have trouble being recognized.
Upon request, was erected as a personal prelature (ie, not territorial) on 28 November 1982 by Pope John Paul II, the only existing today.	The Apostolic Constitution &quot;Ut Sit&quot; erected Opus Dei as a &quot;personal prelature of the Catholic Church&quot; on November 28, 1982.
The term &quot;X-ray&quot; refers to electromagnetic radiation, invisible, able to penetrate opaque bodies and printing photographic film.	X-rays are electromagnetic radiation of the same nature as radio waves, ultrasonic waves, infrared, visible light, ultraviolet rays and gamma rays.
&quot;Wikipedia in Spanish&quot; is the Spanish version of Wikipedia, a project multilingual web based free content encyclopedia on a model of open edition.	The Wikimedia Foundation has created, maintained, and is responsible for a series of free content web projects based on a model of &quot;brothers&quot; open edition of Wikipedia.
Usually the term is used to designate the &quot;biological taxonomy&quot;, the science of biodiversity in order taxa nested within each other, arranged hierarchically, forming a system of classification.	Beyond that defines school, taxonomy is the science that brings together agencies in nested taxa, located in taxonomic categories, thus forming a &quot;grading system&quot;, which is the ultimate goal of this science.
Its territory is divided into 23 provinces and an autonomous city, Buenos Aires, capital of the nation and seat of the federal government.	The Senate brings together representatives of the 23 provinces and the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, corresponding to each two senators from the majority and one minority, totaling 72 members.
The theater of the absurd is anti-psychologistic, so the complejitad and psychological richness of the previous theater is not maintained.	Portugal has become a diversified and growing economy based on the service sector since it joined the European Union in 1986.
According to the DRAE, prostitution is the &quot;activity that is engaged who has sex with others, in exchange for money,&quot; although often considered just as any other type of compensation.	Gibraltar is an associate member of UEFA but is not a member of FIFA.
&quot;Warrior&quot; is one of the 31 states that along with the Federal District, comprise the 32 states of Mexico.	As handicrafts, pottery in the state of Guerrero is one of the most common cultural resources used in the daily lives of the residents, such as pots, bowls, jugs, candlesticks.
&quot;El Aljarafe&quot; is a historical Andalusian region located in the province of Seville in Andalusia.	The Alcor is a region of great agricultural wealth that emerges from the Guadalquivir river and its tributary, the Guadiamar, and is watered by several streams.
The &quot;Prince Edward Island&quot; (official English name: &quot;Prince Edward Island&quot; and in French: &quot;Île-du-Prince-Édouard&quot;) is one of the maritime provinces of Canada.	During the winter, Prince Edward Island has an average temperature of -7 ° C. The average minimum is -12 ° C and the average maximum of -3 ° C. The lowest temperature ever recorded in the province is -37 ° C, which occurred in Alberton, on January 26, 1884.
&quot;Neptune&quot; is the eighth planet from the Sun and about the farthest solar system.	It is the largest satellite of Neptune, and the coldest in the solar system that has been observed by a probe (-235º).
The word &quot;Judaism&quot; refers to religion, tradition and culture of the Jewish people.	The dramatic march from Egypt through the Red Sea and the pilgrimage of 40 years in the wilderness are important milestones in the history of the Israelite people.
The &quot;anthem of the European Union&quot; officially &quot;European Anthem&quot; is one of the four official symbols of the European Union.	The Council of Europe is a different Council of the European Union institution and brings together member countries of the Union but also to countries that are not, which is why the anthem is the same for the Council of Europe and the EU .
The Nicaraguan people are multi-ethnic and mostly Spanish-speaking, language is also the official language of the country.	In accordance with Article 11 of the Constitution of the Republic of Nicaragua, the country&#39;s official language is Spanish.
Additionally, in Wikipedia in Spanish, all librarians also play the role of &quot;bureaucrats&quot;.	Users with permissions fifty librarian who do not perform administrative actions in Wikipedia in Spanish over a period of two years lose their permits officially librarian.
The &quot;pope&quot; is the bishop of Rome, which, as such, receives the consideration of the visible head of the Catholic Church, head of the Episcopal College; head of state and sovereign of Vatican City.	Thus the title of pope is not exclusive to the Church of Rome, as it was formerly used by major patriarchs, until it fell into disuse, still keep only the patriarch of the West (Bishop of Rome) and Patriarch of Alexandria, both of Coptic Church and the Orthodox Church of Alexandria.
The &quot;cuisine of Mexico&quot; is characterized by its variety of dishes and recipes, as well as the complexity of preparing certain dishes.	Mexican cuisine, with its variety of traditional regional dishes, rich in taste, smell and color, pride of the cultural heritage of the nation; attributes that attract tourists alone.
Public packet switching services support numerous types of stations from different manufacturers.	Epiphany continued with the Gecko rendering engine for some time, until the change was announced the WebKit engine used, among others, Safari and Google Chrome.
&quot;Literary genres&quot; are different groups or categories in which literary works can be classified according to their content.	Likewise, and from the point of view of the author, literary genres are models of formal structure and themes that let you set prior to the creation of his work schedule.
Europe&#39;s borders and population are controversial, as the term continent can refer to a cultural and political well or physiographic distinctions.	The term &quot;Europe&quot; has different uses, and the main ones are geographical and political.
The highest authority of the Vatican and head of state of it is the high priest, so can be considered the only theocracy in Europe.	The essence of the State of Vatican City is based on its union with the Holy See, so that the pope is the supreme head of the Roman Catholic once organization and Head of State of the Vatican City.
The Ecuador divides the surface of the planet into two parts, the northern hemisphere and the southern hemisphere.	The other four notables &quot;circles&quot; are the two polar circles and two tropical circles (Tropic of Cancer in the northern hemisphere and the Tropic of Capricorn in the southern hemisphere).
The shape is the sum of a multicolored arc with red on the outside and violet on the inside.	Less common is the double rainbow, which includes a second fainter arc with inverted colors, ie, red inwards and outwards violet.
The &quot;Prince Edward Island&quot; (official English name: &quot;Prince Edward Island&quot; and in French: &quot;Île-du-Prince-Édouard&quot;) is one of the maritime provinces of Canada.	The Prince Edward Island, because of its location (surrounded by large bodies of water) has a more stable and enjoyable than the rest of the country climate, recording the highest temperatures of Canada during the winter and lowest in summer.
The &quot;history of Argentina&quot; is the chronology of events that occurred since the beginning of the early human population in the present territory of Argentina to this day.	Hahnemann proposed homeopathy as a more benign and moderate to medicine of the time, which was based on the theory even the Hippocratic humors and used bloodletting and purgation main alternative tools.
It is constantly ranked among the best universities in northern Europe, and is generally regarded as one of the most prestigious institutions of higher education of the old continent.	Uppsala University is consistently considered one of the most prestigious universities in Europe and the country.
A &quot;month&quot; (from the Latin &quot;mensis&quot;) is each of the twelve periods of time, between 28 and 31 days, which divides the year.	Therefore it can have a value of 28, 29, 30 or 31 days depending on the month in which the term is used.
A &quot;channel of communication&quot; is the transmission medium for carrying signals traveling from the sender and receiver information.	The Catholic Monarchy or Hispanic Monarchy of King Charles I was completed when the monarch was proclaimed Holy Roman Emperor under the name of Charles V. The emperor took among other commitments- convening the assemblies of the states called meetings or diets.
The GNU Emacs manual describes it as &quot;an extensible editor, customizable, self-documenting and real time.&quot;	&quot;Windows 2000&quot; is an operating system from Microsoft that was circulated on 17 February 2000 with a change in nomenclature for NT system.
Several centuries later, in 711 the Muslims occupied the city, bringing their language, religion and customs, such as the implementation of irrigation systems and the introduction of new crops.	The &quot;Metric System&quot; is a system of units based on the meter, measured in length, and in which units of varying size of each unit of measure are related by multiples or sub-multiples of 10, respectively.
It is called &quot;day&quot; (from the Latin &quot;dies&quot;) to the time it takes the Earth from the sun is at the highest point above the horizon until it returns to be.	It is also known as day, generically, the period ranging from sunrise to its decline.
The &quot;World Health Organization (WHO)&quot; is the agency of the United Nations Organization (UN) specialized in managing policies of prevention, health promotion and intervention worldwide.	The receiving fax machine reconverts the coded image and prints it on paper.
Unlike his contemporaries, he never made a training trip to Italy to learn the classical art, and career highlighted by indifference towards courtesans or intellectual ambitions.	Their learning, we must emphasize that Jordaens, unlike Rubens and Van Dyck, not make a trip to Italy.
It consists of a closed box and a small hole through which enters a small amount of light projected on the opposite wall image abroad.	The &quot;electrical potential&quot; or &quot;electrostatic potential&quot; at one point, is the work to be performed by an electrostatic field to move a positive charge &quot;q&quot; from that point to the benchmark, divided by unit test load.
