measure the depth of a body of water	any large deep body of water.
someone who plays a major role	an actor who plays a major role.
(Because of) come to rest on a surface	reach or come to rest.
the act of defending or promoting something	the act of election or selection.
alphanumeric sequence used for identification	a number or a string of numbers that is used for identification.
a state of being raised or lifted	the event of something rises up.
the act of lifting something	the act of uploading something.
Link or merge (as if) with cement.	glowing, as if with heat.
(Finally) do something or be somewhere	cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
a point, as part of the operation of a compass arrow	a brand V-shaped at one end of an arrow pointer.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of reducing something or decreasing.
force by violence, filled with terror	force by violence or threats.
cause to move, cause to be moved	stop functioning or cause to stop working.
the upper area of ​​the region of something	the act of reducing something or decreasing.
the most important part of something	It taste; taste of something.
They behave or move in a certain way	behave in a certain way.
a reproduction or physical representation of something	a visual representation of something.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition	a specialized division of a large organization.
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position	a person who is appointed to a job or position.
Advance; contribute to progress and growth.	contribute to progress and growth.
a narrow channel or a span of a sea or ocean	a narrow sea channel connecting two larger bodies of water.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of breaking something.
Cut, possibly creating something new.	the act of breaking something.
the act of choosing between alternatives.	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The act of trying something.	the act of breaking something.
the state of being in contact	the state of being connected.
a reference to or mention of something	change the nature, purpose or function of something.
Something to sell or get something underhanded activity.	something to sell or get some energetic and especially murky activity.
the act of determining or discover the position of an object	a surface part of the outside of an object.
a feeling or a state of satisfaction, relief	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
Physically expand or extend outward from a center or inner focus towards a center; physically it extends from a starting point.	extend or spread out in a center or focus or inward towards a center.
Place in the soil for growing	place or put down.
an amount of something	a visual representation of something.
sexually stimulating; obtain sexual satisfaction through self-stimulation	obtain sexual satisfaction through self-stimulation.
the act of recognizing the truth of something	the act of projecting out of something.
Express audibly; absolute sounds (not necessarily words); They indicate.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
The state of being suspicious.	the state of being excluded.
The act of approval and support.	the act of having and controlling property.
Relieve someone at work taking a turn; shift work.	(Someone) work exonerates taking a turn.
a surface of something or side	a brief experience of something.
absolute in a certain way	They appear in a certain way.
the act of turning, rotate an object	turning or twisting around (in place).
Increase (cause) of more or less intensity.	increased intensity greater or lesser extent.
the legal status of owing money	the verbal act of offering.
sense of giving meaning to	sense of; assign a meaning.
The act of starting something new.	the act of hiring someone or something.
printed version of the electronic data from a computer	matter (computer) that is performed on a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
Limit on the quantity or quality.	limit on the quantity or quality.
look for something (like the bottom of a body of water)	look (at the bottom of a body of water) something valuable or lost.
the act of surrender or lose something of value	the act of reducing something or decreasing.
The physical act of following in an effort to overcome or capture.	the act of performing in an effort to overcome or capture.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum or vomiting) of the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
the natural progression or development of something	the act or means to get rid of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of describing something.
an explanation or excuse for something	an opinion formed by judging something.
recover, return to the previous state	return to a previous state.
Acting without permission or overconfident.	They take liberties or act overconfident.
the act of putting a preparation for something.	the act of trying something.
become the owner or something posessor	make a film or photograph of something.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of rejecting something.
the act of confinement, preventing or blocking something	the act of trying something.
the act of putting a preparation for something.	the act of reducing something or decreasing.
the act or means to get rid of something.	the physical position of something.
the shape of a wave in a certain period of time	popular taste at a given time.
a distinctive style of clothing	an intuitive understanding of something.
causes have an odor	cause I be alive again.
fall or cause to fall	let or cause to fall in drops.
the act of allowing, granting something	the act of trying something.
avoid being seen or perceived by others	you stop; avoid being perceived by others.
a document authorizing someone else to vote on their behalf	a document of power given by the shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on his behalf at a business meeting.
the act of lifting something	the act of holding something.
the act of combining, mixing, integrating	the act of jumping something.
smell by breathing through the nose	perceive by inhaling through the nose.
the conclusion of a communication	the intended meaning of a communication.
(Because of) adopt a different system, value or viewpoint	reasons for adopting a new or different faith.
(Because of) be less severe or strict	cause to be violent or angry.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of losing something or someone.
account, as factual information or narrative	a short account of the news.
Record by points.	record using points and gestures.
the act of pushing something away	the act of lifting.
decide how much to pay on an insurance claim	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
noiselessly bad engine	make a noise of a typical engine lubricants lacking.
be in direct physical contact with	being in direct physical contact with; make contact.
the quality of being reliable	the quality of being of practical use.
Organize a program for an individual, group or entity.	or organize a program.
express a certain idea to play a game or music	give an interpretation or interpretation.
the quality of being reliable	housing law in one place.
the supply store or something	a store or supply of something (especially food, clothing or weapons).
suggest or prescribe a solution	They suggest the need for intervention; in medicine.
person who manages money on table games	a person who is in charge.
the act of rubbing a surface	the act of dragging (pulling force).
The act of breaking up or disconnect.	the act of expelling or projecting or expulsion.
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying their appearance.
the act of putting a preparation for something.	the act of forcing someone or something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the Act of Settlement or twist.
Opposing or approach, as in hostility or competition	They oppose, as in hostility or competition.
Travel (like) through water.	move as if through a sieve.
administer or grant, as portions	administer or grant, as in small portions.
They form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	wind or move in a spiral course.
Induce action by using his charm; cause to do something.	induce action by using his charm.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits	a series of underground tunnels occupied by rabbits connected.
maintain or adopt strict control	Keep a tight hold.
the shape of a wave in a certain period of time	a wave form illustrated by plotting the values ​​of the quantity against time period.
the most important part of something	the bottom of anything.
The act of controlling restraining someone or something.	the act of liberating someone or something.
the law of planning or deliberation	action to get something going.
It is at or above something	cause (someone) to submit to something.
the smell or the smell of something	the act of reducing something or decreasing.
They do a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing (cause).	They make a dry crackling sound.
fill, fix, fix, or as if with gum	cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
The act of talking about the characteristics of something.	the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
the act of providing aid or help someone	the act of applying paint to a surface.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees	growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a given area.
the law of planning or deliberation	the act of breaking something.
physical universe expansion	the physical position of something.
a zone boundary or edge of something	a boundary marking the extremities something.
reach a destination or goal	reach a destination; They arrive by movement or progress.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of expelling or projecting or expulsion.
to discuss or declare for	discuss or speak in defense.
support, sustain, support or be responsible	cause to happen or be responsible.
take or capture by force or authority	down by force or authority.
(Because of) elongate or stretch in space	March cause or go to a marching rhythm.
the act of ripping, tearing, ripping	law reducing the amount or number.
Armed and equipped with armored vehicles (from an army).	armed and equipped with armored vehicles.
(Content) communication.	the last section of a communication.
The act of changing course or twist yourself.	the act of indicating or pointing by name.
the act of joining firmly	the act of disturbing the mind or body.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.	the condition of being motivated.
move to a lower position, finish something	tone down (musical notes).
the act of pulling a load	the act of making a proposal.
(Because of) appear suddenly or briefly	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
The human act of doing something new.	the speech act of doing something obvious.
do or be more acute or severe	prepare for action or use.
the activity of broken or shattered something	the act of breaking something.
the extreme end of something	grasp the meaning of something.
Perform an action with the intent to deceive.	Make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
any cause or source of great suffering	any condition that causes great suffering.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of drawing or upload something.
To stay connected emotionally or intellectually without physical contact necessary.	to stay connected emotionally or intellectually.
The state of being pleased with life.	the state of being rejected.
the height of the sea surface	the solid part of the Earth&#39;s surface.
The act of trying something.	the act of starting something.
cover with a primer	cover with a primer; Apply a primer.
discover a logical or causal connection; associated	perform a logical or causal connection.
Rewrite in a different script.	They extend in a different direction.
the act of reasoning, reflection	the act of starting something new.
the act of giving a speech	the act of giving a false appearance.
It is at or above something	observe or trace the moving path of something.
the act of turning, rotate an object	the act of breaking something.
the smell or the smell of something	They have a disagreement about something.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	provide an incentive for action.
the context or environment in which something happens.	the act of cutting something into parts.
tolerate; Aceept or assume a responsibility.	give bail or take responsibility.
move from one place to another	moved from one place to another.
The act of trying something.	the act of dropping something.
Give a performative involvement (something).	give a performance (something).
a participant who is a novice in some activity	any new participant in some activity.
Turn the paddle or oar.	Turn the palette; canoe.
the activity of examining or evaluating something	the act of drawing or upload something.
the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication.
An object affects breathing of someone or something.	the ratio of comprising something.
be a reason, cause or justification	serve as a reason or cause or justification.
withdrawal or move from one position, relocate	Remove a position or office.
The human act of doing something new.	the act of starting something for the first time; the introduction of something new.
an instance of slow motion	the act of starting something.
(Because of) progressively weaker	cause to be made widely known.
a deficiency state of disappointment, not achievement	an event that does not accomplish its purpose.
The act of giving up a claim, the office or possession.	the act of giving (a claim or office or possession etc ..).
the upper area of ​​the region of something	exclusive control or possession of something.
remove something or someone somewhere	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
energy in the form of molecular motion	money in the form of notes or coins.
a state of exposure to damage	a state of extreme poverty.
the act of putting a preparation for something.	the act of placing or fixing something.
The act of trying something.	the act of rejecting something.
They have a strong desire to do something	It has a wish or desire to learn something.
take (mental or physical)	Toma (gas, electricity or heat) in a solution.
the act of intentionally omit something	the act of tearing or ripping or splitting something.
is pronounced with a nasal vibration	It is pronounced with an initial sibilant.
an upward slope or incline	an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
allocation or percentage of something	a relatively long and narrow piece.
Shrivel, they shrivel or mature imperfectly, from a flower.	They shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
Identify, establish the location or identity	recognized as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
the act of pushing something away	the act of starting something.
an explanation or excuse for something	the obligation to pay or do something.
tilt from a vertical position	or tilt from a vertical position of the curve.
Store in a can or jar.	keep in a tin or tin.
They behave or move in a certain way	dress in a certain way.
The act of trying something.	the act of lifting.
give a misleading explanation cover	give a misleading explanation or apology.
The main activity one does to earn money.	the principal activity in your life that you do to make money.
The act of breaking up or disconnect.	the act of drawing or upload something.
the law of planning or deliberation	the act of increasingly distant.
The act of trying something.	the act of holding something.
twelve months of the calendar year	the last month (12) of the year.
the activity of examining or evaluating something	activity to protect someone or something.
the act of turning, rotate an object	the act of disturbing or annoy someone.
a company that provides public service commodities	a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
involved with or mixed	get involved or mistaken.
gradual decrease in signal strength	a gradual decrease (in size or strength or power or number).
a fast pace or the occurrence of something	a brief experience of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of jumping something.
(Because of) become even or level	make even or even more.
Declare invalid; remove the legal force or ineffective processing.	remove the legal force or ineffective processing.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an interpretation or interpretation.
or return hit before it touches the ground	to before it touches the ground.
the act or means to get rid of something.	the state of being sure of something.
the act of accusing someone or something to be at fault	action to get something going.
Fix or physical set firmly oppose or depeply	fix or set securely or deeply.
A story; plan, scheme or main story of a literary or dramatic work, fact or fiction.	the story is told in a novel or play or movie etc ...
the activity of broken or shattered something	the act of tearing or ripping or splitting something.
a store with merchandise for sale	a commercial establishment for the sale of goods or services.
a part of the body suddenly to sprain twist	turning suddenly to sprain.
