&quot;Luis Garcia Guridi&quot; (born June 19, 1958 in Madrid) is a Spanish film director, member of the gang, along with Santiago Aguilar Alvear.	The &quot;party politics&quot; or &quot;partidocracia&quot; is a neologism used to define the bureaucracy of political parties.
&quot;My Scene&quot; is a line of dolls Mattel Barbie derived launched to compete commercially with the company Bratz dolls MGA.	The series of My Scene dolls were first introduced in the fall season of 2002, before 2002, to compete with Bratz.
The &quot;Parliament of Fiji&quot; ( &quot;Parliament of Fiji&quot; in English), is bicameral and consists of the House of Representatives and the Senate of Fiji.	The Parliament of Fiji was born on October 10, 1970, when Fiji gained independence from the UK.
In his appearances he is presented as a man interested in business after getting head Chiriku, for which you want to collect a reward.	From his first appearances, Kakuzu proves to be a cold and keen business person, as evidenced by delivering the head of Chiriku (Asuma friend who protected the Feudal Lord of Fire).
&quot;Super Trouper&quot; is the name of the seventh studio album by Swedish pop group ABBA, released in 1980 by Polar Music.	&quot;Super Trouper&quot; was published for the first time in Scandinavia on November 3, 1980, under the seal of Polar Music.
&quot;The Miner of Coquimbo&quot; was a Chilean newspaper, local, published in La Serena in 1828.	The first issue of the Miner of Coquimbo appeared the March 22, 1828.
In the Unified Modeling Language a &quot;use case diagram&quot; is a kind of diagram UML behavior improved.	The RCMP is heir to the &quot;North West Mounted Police&quot; (NWMP) and the Dominion Police, founded in 1873 and 1868 respectively.
Throughout the years, &quot;X Japan&quot; has become one of the most influential groups in Japan, which has led to certain references in popular culture, whether of the same group or its members.	X Japan is one of the most imitated groups in Japan, here is a list of the most outstanding artists who have covered some of his songs collected.
For his contributions to algebraic geometry, number theory and topology it has been considered one of the most prominent mathematicians of the twentieth century.	The profits generated by this new economic activity benefited a small group of investors and traders who implanted in society a new development project.
The beer industry is part of the activities of the economy of the West.	The popularity of lager beer grew considerably when developed effectively cooling systems in the early twentieth century.
&quot;Bodies Without Organs&quot; or &quot;BWO&quot; is a dance group from Sweden formed in 2004 by Alexander Bard, Marina and Martin Rolinski Schiptjenko vocals.	&quot;Bodies Without Organs&quot;, also known from his second job as &quot;BWO&quot; is a Swedish dance group success in Scandinavia and some countries in Eastern Europe.
&quot;Oracle&quot; is a fictional character represented by Gloria Foster (and later by Mary Alice) within the Matrix series of films created by the Wachowski brothers.	The Oracle was portrayed by Gloria Foster in the first two films of Matrix ( &quot;Matrix&quot; and &quot;The Matrix Reloaded&quot;) and Mary Alice in the third film of Matrix ( &quot;Matrix Revolutions&quot;) and video game ( &quot;Enter the Matrix&quot; ).
The &quot;hemodiafiltration&quot; is a method of kidney dialysis and hemodialysis combining hemofiltration.	Hemodialysis is very efficient eliminating low molecular weight toxins and hemofiltration is more efficient by eliminating toxins higher molecular weight.
The ancient Romans preferred the Pseudoperipteral buildings, with a porch in the front, with columns embedded along the sides and rear walls in the &quot;cella&quot;.	The Pseudoperipteral buildings look similar to the &quot;peripteral&quot; buildings with free-standing columns around the cella as a &quot;peristyle&quot;.
It is shown that, contrary to what was previously believed, the execution was not carried out.	According to modern research, the sentence was not carried out and Maria Anna Maria Schwegelin was spared.
On Wednesday March 12, 1986 was held in Spain a controversial &quot;referendum on the permanence of Spain in NATO&quot;, to which he belonged since May 30, 1982.	The president of the civic platform that advocated &quot;no&quot; to the entry of Spain into NATO was the writer Antonio Gala.
The &quot;Bajoran&quot; are a humanoid species of the universe of fiction television series Star Trek.	Bajoran are one of the oldest civilizations in the Milky Way since its origin dates back to several thousand years.
In July 2012, Axel Springer came off Micromanía to include the topic of PC in Hobby Consoles, and writing Micromanía, the same who worked on the magazine so far, became independent and began to publish it through BlueOcean Publishing .	In July 2012, Axel Springer came off Micromanía to include the topic of PC in Hobby Consoles, and Micromanía team began publishing since September of the same year the magazine publisher BlueOcean Publishing.
Before undertaking any project or civil engineering or building, you must know the terrain involved.	The activities and objectives of a geotechnical recognition as well as its size and level of resulting information, depend directly on the project or work to be performed, and the characteristics of the land where it is located.
The &quot;Hurricane Emily&quot; was the second major hurricane and the first to reach Category 5 hurricane in the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.	On July 16, Emily was quite reinforced, making it the first Category 5 hurricane July in the Atlantic Ocean, with maximum sustained winds of 260 km / h.
&quot;Valdevimbre&quot; is a municipality and town of Spain located in the region of Paramo, south of the province of Leon, in the northwest corner of the autonomous community of Castilla y Leon.	Valdevimbre is located in the region of Leonés Paramo, in the south of the province of Leon, at an altitude of 813 meters.
&quot;Club Deportivo Universidad Iberoamericana&quot; was a club of Chilean soccer representative from the Universidad Iberoamericana of Science and Technology of the city of Santiago.	In November 2004, under the eaves of the University Sports Club was born Iberoamericana University of Science and Technology, dedicated to delivering to the university community and its partners instances of sports and competitive participation.
&quot;Melbourne Victory&quot; is a football team located in the city of Melbourne (Australia) and currently plays in the A-League.	Melbourne is the franchise&#39;s league championships won since the new league was created, winning the championship of the A-League twice.
The &quot;genre scene&quot; is a kind of art, mainly paintings, which depicted ordinary people in everyday scenes, street or private life, contemporary to the author.	What distinguishes the genre scene is depicting scenes of everyday life, such as markets, interiors, holidays, taverns and streets.
&quot;Valdepeñas de Jaén&quot; is a Spanish municipality of the region of the Southern Highlands, southwest of the province of Jaen, Andalusia.	&quot;Khambhat,&quot; formerly known as &quot;Cambay&quot;, is a city and municipality of India Anand district in the state of Gujarat.
From January 1, 2012, it exerts its financial activity through the SIP Kutxabank with BBK and Caja Vital.	On 23 September 2011, the extraordinary general meeting approved the creation of Kutxa bank Kutxabank through which exercise its financial activity with BBK and Caja Vital.
The &quot;crypt of Santa Leocadia&quot; is located inside the Cathedral of Oviedo, Asturias.	Bathory was buried in the crypt of Wawel Cathedral in Krakow.
The river flows through the major city of Puebla de Zaragoza, the fourth most populous country.	The &quot;Grêmio Esportivo Bagé&quot; or simply &quot;Bage&quot; is a Brazilian football club from the city of Bage in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
The &quot;Socialist Labor Party of America&quot; ​​( &quot;Socialist Labor Party of America&quot; ​​SLP) is a Marxist party of the United States.	It was founded in 1876 with the name &quot;Workers Party of America&quot; ​​(Workingmen&#39;s Party of America), constituting the second oldest in the world socialist party.
The mask is exposed to the public at the National Archaeological Museum.	&quot;Mask of Agamemnon&quot; is one of five discovered in the tombs circle, three were found in the tomb IV and V in the tomb two met.
The &quot;power meter&quot; is an electrodynamic instrument for measuring the electric power or the rate of supply of electric power from a given circuit.	The electronic power meter, is a passive device, used in electricity and electronics, capable of storing energy sustaining an electric field.
We can distinguish between arteriography when the object of study are the arteries, and venography when it comes to veins.	There is talk of arteriography when the object of study are the arteries, veins if they were talking about venography, both techniques are grouped in what is known as angiography.
The &quot;Latin American Interfaith Youth Network&quot; is an organization of the World Conference of Religions for Peace (WCRP), it is made up of representatives of organizations related to youth and students Catholics, Protestants, evangelicals, Jews, Muslims, Baha&#39;is and Indians in Latin America.	Also at the regional level, the Latin American Interfaith Youth Network participates in the family of Religions for Peace, integrating the Latin American and Caribbean Council of Religious Leaders.
&quot;Yes&quot; is the third studio album by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas by the record label BMG 2003, which was released on November 4, 2003.	&quot;Yes&quot; marks an update on the sound of the compositions of Julieta Venegas, compared to previous titles.
Mildred is very likeable and enthusiastic and tries to make things right, but tends to get carried away and do things without thinking, what causes various entanglements.	It is adventurous and joking, always wants to do things his way and he hates to give orders.
All British army officers and many other parts of the world are trained in Sandhurst.	All officer cadets who complete the course are eligible to qualify Commission.
The &quot;Eureka Stockade&quot; was a miners&#39; revolt that occurred in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia, in 1854.	The Eureka Stockade was probably the most important in the history of Australia rebellion and, depending defined as a rebellion can be considered unique.
The first Cray-1 system was installed at Los Alamos National Laboratory in 1976.	The Cray-1 was succeeded in 1982 by the Cray X-MP 800 MFLOPS, multi-process the first computer.
&quot;Adam Air Flight 574,&quot; the Indonesian airline Adam Air, was a domestic flight that departed on January 1, 2007 from Juanda International Airport in Surabaya, Java bound to Sam Ratulangi of Manado International Airport, and disappeared near Polewali.	January 1, 2007, at 12:55 local time (5:55 UTC), the plane took off from Juanda Airport, Surabaya, with 96 passengers (eighty five adults, seven children and four babies)
A &quot;dialysis catheter&quot; is a catheter used to move the patient&#39;s blood to and from the hemodialysis machine.	The (typically red) light arterial blood removed patient and leads to the dialysis machine while (typically blue) light vein returns blood to the patient from the dialysis machine.
&quot;The Two Gentlemen of Verona&quot; is a comedy by William Shakespeare, and one of the first works he wrote.	The exact date of composition of the work is not known, but is believed to be one of the first works of Shakespeare.
Bershka&#39;s audience is mainly composed of young connoisseurs of the latest trends.	The style of Bershka stores is youthful and informal, but within it you can choose from different styles and fashion tastes.
The &quot;food industry&quot; is the part of the industry responsible for the production, processing, preparation, storage and packaging of food for human and animal consumption.	The beverage industry is aimed at the processing and packaging of beverages in general.
The &quot;Spanish Communist Party&quot; was a Spanish political party founded on 15 April 1920 by members of the Federation of Socialist Youth.	It is a Spanish hamlet, in the municipality of Salas de los Infantes, southeast of the province of Burgos (autonomous community of Castilla y Leon).
Patients diagnosed with female hysteria should receive treatment known as a manual &quot;pelvic massage&quot; stimulation of the genitals of women by the doctor to orgasm, in the context of the time, it was called &quot;hysterical paroxysm&quot;, considering repressed sexual desire of women illness.	Although doctors of the time recognized that the disorder stemmed from sexual dissatisfaction, they seemed reluctant to admit the sexual purposes of the devices used to treat it.
The &quot;USS Defiant&quot; is a spaceship in the television series Star Trek: Deep Space 9, Star Trek universe.	This ship bears the same name as the USS Defiant (NCC-1764), Constitution class, the original Star Trek series and which also appears in Star Trek: Enterprise.
The &quot;age of the Universe&quot;, according to the Big Bang Theory is the time since the Big Bang to the present time.	The &quot;Evian agreements&quot; are the result of negotiations between the representatives of France and the Provisional Government of the Algerian Republic (GPRA) formed by the National Liberation Front (FLN) during the Algerian war.
The &quot;Order of St. Jerome&quot; (Latin: &quot;Ordo Sancti Hieronymi&quot;), (acronym &quot;OSH&quot;) is a Catholic religious order of monastic enclosure and purely contemplative orientation that emerged in the fourteenth century.	The Order of San Jerónimo is a contemplative order and is inspired by the life of St. Jerome as a model to imitate Jesus Christ on his way to perfection.
The &quot;Mars Observer&quot; was a probe launched on 25 September 1992 by the United States to study the planet Mars.	The probe was launched without incident on September 25, 1992 by a rocket Titan 34D.
A &quot;martyrology&quot; is a catalog of martyrs and saints of the Catholic Church sorted according to date of celebration of festivals.	It is the book of the anniversaries of the martyrs and the saints extension in general, of the mysteries and events that can lead to an annual commemoration in the Catholic Church.
Café &quot;Freedom 8&quot;, located in the Chueca district of Madrid is the birthplace of artists and songwriters of the capital, open coffee in 1975.	In this place they had togethers the most renowned journalists and writers of the capital.
&quot;Raasay&quot; ( &quot;Ratharsair&quot; in Scottish Gaelic) is an island located between Scotland and the Isle of Skye	&quot;Clodomira&quot; is a city Department Band northeast of Santiago del Estero, located 20 km from the provincial capital city, Argentina.
The &quot;wheel spokes&quot; is a device by which the rudder is driven.	Modern ships have left wheel cabilla and are commanded either by a &quot;joystick&quot; or by a simple wheel.
The art of gardening has, for the Chinese, the same sacred regard that writing or poetry.	Ideology of Taoist philosophy about the nature, in the same way as reflected in the arts such as poetry and writing is a constant in the design of Chinese gardens.
The &quot;curved&quot; is a traditional knife used in Chile, of offensiveness, suitable for melee.	The Chilean Army instructs its entire contingent on the management and use of Corvo by instructors Special Combat (Chilean system of combat).
Thus, if an object expels part of its mass in one direction, the rest of the object will move in the opposite direction.	This is the basis of jet engines, also called &quot;jet&quot; on them, part of the mass of the ship (fuel) is ejected at high speed in one direction, causing the rest of the ship move in the opposite direction.
&quot;Quemú Quemú&quot; is a town located northeast of the province of La Pampa in Argentina.	Town located west of the call Humid Pampas Argentina, owns a climate with two rain regimes:
Dr. Yamanoue, creator of the Mars body, tries to use the robot for military purposes, while Dr. Kawashimo (in Latin America Dr. soup), creator of artificial intelligence of Mars, strongly opposes that idea.	&quot;Dr. Kawachi&quot; (in Latin America Dr. Sopa): Creator of the electronic super-brain while Mars and creator of his daughter Miri robot.
&quot;Sarah Jeanette Connor&quot; is a fictional character, the heroine in the first two Terminator films and the television series called &quot;Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles&quot;.	In November 2005, it was announced that 20th Century Fox would produce a television series called &quot;Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles&quot; featuring the adventures of the character of Sarah and her son in years between &quot;Terminator 2&quot; and &quot;Terminator 3&quot;.
&quot;Laughter and Sauce&quot; was a humoristic program of the Peruvian television, remembered for his first stage between 1980 and 1999.	On May 29, 1999, with 19 years on the air, &quot;Laughter and Sauce&quot; leaves abruptly air being replaced that Saturday by a party of &quot;Apertura&quot; of that year and later by &quot;The street of laughter&quot; in 1999 and 2000.
The &quot;crown jewels&quot; are fine jewelry or objects of precious stones or jewelery belonging to the reign of a royal family in a given country.	Crown jewels and other objects belonging to the rulers keep in their respective palaces.
Access to &quot;basic water and sanitation in Latin America&quot; ​​is insufficient and also their quality is inadequate.	Many times the service is not continued, the pressure is insufficient and the water quality is inadequate.
&quot;Barinas&quot; is the capital municipality of Barinas State of Venezuela, composed of 12 of the 56 parishes in the state.	As capital of the state of Barinas the municipality has some advantages such as being home to three major shopping malls, major foreign bank headquarters, of the most luxurious hotels in the city.
The &quot;Infantry Academy&quot; (ACINF) is a military training center of the Spanish Army located in the town of Toledo.	After the war, the Infantry Academy was provisionally installed in Zaragoza, in the building of the Military Academy, and Guadalajara, at the headquarters of the Foundation of San Diego de Alcalá.
The &quot;Cabernet Franc&quot; is a variety of black vine of the best known worldwide.	The best known is that attacks the vine, caused by &quot;Plasmopara viticola&quot; but there are other plants that also suffer mildew, such as onions, potatoes, tomatoes, etc. Another species is spinach downy mildew, &quot;Peronospora farinosa&quot;.
&quot;Your Poison&quot; is the second album of the actress and singer Natalia Oreiro Uruguaya.	Natalia Oreiro continued his musical career with his second album, &quot;Tu Veneno&quot;, the most successful to date, taking her again in Europe and Latin America.
In 1984 he won the World Endurance Championship and the German Motor Racing Championship with the official Porsche team.	Also in 1984, he won the drivers &#39;title World Endurance Championship, by winning six races, and helped Porsche to win the constructors&#39; title.
Over the years and revolutionary French history, the Moulin de la Galette became ballroom.	After the Restoration, his son, Nicolas-Charles Debray, turns the mill in a ballroom with gardens.
&quot;Jennifer&quot; Jen &quot;Scotts&quot; is a fictional character in the television series &quot;Power Rangers&quot; played by Erin Cahill.	In the fictional universe of &quot;Power Rangers: Time Force&quot; Jen is the second team aboard the Power Rangers Time Force in 3001.
&quot;Greatest Hits&quot; is the name of first compilation album of the Swedish group ABBA, released in late 1975.	&quot;Greatest Hits&quot; became the first album of ABBA in entering many charts around the world.
It is a cheese made from goat&#39;s milk and is currently Protected Designation of Origin.	Cheese Ibores, as we know it today, is produced in the scope of this Protected Designation of Origin since ancient times.
&quot;Acer rubrum&quot;, the &quot;American red maple,&quot; &quot;red maple&quot; or &quot;Canadian Maple&quot; is one of the most common and widespread deciduous trees of eastern North America.	In parts of the Pacific Northwest, it is one of the most commonly introduced trees.
The &quot;curved&quot; is a traditional knife used in Chile, of offensiveness, suitable for melee.	Corvo is a weapon that recurrently appears in the literature, folklore themes and historical episodes of Chile.
&quot;The Two Towers&quot; (originally titled in English &quot;The Two Towers&quot;) is the second volume of the heroic fantasy novel &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; by JRR Tolkien.	Directed by Peter Jackson: In 2002 the film &quot;The Two Towers The Lord of the Rings&quot; was released.
The &quot;Ripalda Palace&quot; or &quot;Ripalda Castle&quot; was a building now disappeared eclectic style designed in 1889 by Spanish architect Joaquín María Arnau Miramón (1849-1906) in the Spanish city of Valencia.	The &quot;Ripalda Palace&quot; was a peculiar building, conceived as a French chateau, within a romantic perspective without precedent in Valencia.
His family was one of the most powerful of Transylvania, and apart from the property of Somlyó, also ruled in Szatmár and Szinér.	At the end of World War I, Transylvania, Bukovina and Bessarabia were annexed to the Kingdom of Romania.
He was the youngest son of Philip II of Savoy, and his second wife Claudine de Brosse of the family who unsuccessfully claimed the Duchy of Brittany.	The &quot;downy&quot; is a disease that affects some produced by mycosis protists Peronosporaceae Oomycetes family of plants.
Since 2009, the UCF is the largest in total enrollment and in the number of undergraduate students statewide public university.	In 2003, UCF had the distinction of being the university with the largest growth cup US in terms of undergraduate enrollment, and from autumn 2006 more than 47,000 students attend college.
The &quot;mirror test&quot; applied to animals, is a measure of self-awareness developed by Gordon Gallup Jr in 1970.	The test was developed by Gordon Gallup Jr. in 1970, based in part on observations made by Charles Darwin.
The &quot;Socialist Labor Party of America&quot; ​​( &quot;Socialist Labor Party of America&quot; ​​SLP) is a Marxist party of the United States.	It was founded in 1876 with the name &quot;Workers Party of America&quot; ​​(Workingmen&#39;s Party of America), constituting the second oldest in the world socialist party.
The &quot;United States Naval Observatory&quot; (in English &quot;United States Naval Observatory&quot; or &quot;USNO&quot;) is one of the oldest scientific agencies in the United States.	The banner of the Prince of Spain was governed by the &quot;Decree No. 814 of 22 April 1971, which established the script and the banner of the Prince of Spain&quot;.
It was built on the site where according to Muslim tradition Caliph Omar ibn prayed the al-Khattab, after visiting the Holy Sepulchre.	When the Caliph Omar entered Jerusalem, Sophronius invited him to pray at the Holy Sepulchre.
&quot;Osmin Aguirre y Salinas&quot; (San Miguel, El Salvador, December 24, 1889 - San Salvador, El Salvador, July 12, 1977) was a Salvadoran soldier who was a member of the Civic Directory from 2 to 4 December 1931 and Provisional President of the Republic of El Salvador since October 21, 1944 until March 1, 1945	Colonel Osmin Aguirre and Salinas was born in San Miguel, on December 24, 1889 and died in San Salvador when he was taken to the Military Hospital, being attacked with bullets on July 12, 1977 in front of his residence, located in 15 Calle Oriente, No 117, of that capital.
The &quot;slaughter of Paris from October 17, 1961&quot; refers to the bloody suppression of a demonstration of Algerians took place in Paris, France during the Algerian war.	In the 1990s the slaughter of October 17, as is known in France, came to the national consciousness.
Its general director is the Spanish tenor Placido Domingo (ends his contract extended through the 2010-2011 season).	Hemmings retired as CEO in 2000, with Placido Domingo assuming leadership of the company the following season.
&quot;Alexander Mahone&quot; is a character in the FOX television series, &quot;Prison Break&quot; played by William Fichtner.	Alexander Mahone is an intelligent FBI special agent who is in charge of the search for the eight escaped prisoners of Fox River.
The &quot;mutacionismo&quot; encompasses all those theories of evolution in which the mutation is the main force for change.	Mutationism, however, postulated that evolution proceeded in two steps: first, random occurrence of a mutation; secondly, their preservation or elimination by natural selection.
&quot;Miguel Illescas Cordoba&quot; is a Spanish chess player born in Barcelona on December 3, 1965.	Miguel Illescas is member of the Spanish Olympic team since 1986 and has participated in nine Chess Olympiads, for a total of 60.5 / 99
Two of its branches, the house of Manrique de Lara (Dukes of Nájera and Marquises of Aguilar de Campo), has the rank of Major of Spain of the first old.	The house Manrique de Lara boasted some of the most important titles of Castile like Najera Duke and Marquess of Aguilar de Campo, all in possession of Greatness of Spain.
He was educated in the house of his grandfather, but received political and military training at his father and his uncle Cardinal Mendoza.	But he received political and military training with his father, ambassador to Pope Pius II at the Council of Mantua, and his uncle, the powerful Cardinal Mendoza.
In 1189, Tancredo rebelled and took control of the island, being crowned as King Tancred I of Sicily in early 1190.	When Tancredo resisted his requests, Ricardo captured a monastery and castle of La Bagnara.
&quot;Sir Galahad&quot; (sometimes called &quot;Galahad&quot;, in Welsh: &quot;Gwalchavad&quot;) is a knight of the Round Table of King Arthur and one of the three who reached the Grail in Arthurian legends.	Merlin prophesies that Galahad would surpass his father in value and would accomplish the holy grail.
The &quot;probation&quot; is an alternative to deprivation of liberty, such as imprisonment or house arrest, which provide the legal systems of some countries, and it is possible to impose the sentence when certain requirements are met established by law which he allows convicted of an offense fulfill its criminal penalty free, but subject to certain obligations or under certain conditions, for example, do not commit new crimes or misdemeanors.	Similarly, this figure is referred to in some legal systems as a rehabilitation measure, which allows the condemned after serving a certain proportion of the sentence and other requirements, completing his sentence in freedom, although subject to certain conditions.
The sites considered &quot;World Heritage in Mexico&quot; have fulfilled the requirements set by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and have been nominated for the program International Heritage by the committee of Unesco because of its outstanding cultural or natural importance,	Mexico has ten cities designated as World Heritage, which is the third country by number of World Heritage Cities, just after Italy and Spain.
It sank on September 28, 1994 in the Baltic Sea, and the lives of 852 people dead.	The Estonia disaster occurred on 28 September 1994 at 00:58, crossing the Baltic Sea, en route from Tallinn to Stockholm, when carrying passengers plus 989 crew.
The &quot;fishing&quot; is a couple dance loose, the best known of the coast of Peru.	The sailor is the national dance of Peru, and its implementation seeks to achieve waste of grace, playfulness and dexterity.
In this square are the Monument to Justice of Aragon and the General Captaincy building.	Dominates the square the monument to Juan de Lanuza, justice of Aragon executed in 1591 by the episode known as the alterations of Aragon.
In IT, &quot;virtualization&quot; is the creation software- -through a virtual version of a technological resource, such as a hardware platform, operating system, storage device or other network resources.	The virtual machine simulates a generally autonomous hardware platform including a complete operating system that runs as if it were installed.
A university professor and nine students from Lima&#39;s National University of Education Enrique Guzmán y Valle (known as &quot;La Cantuta&quot; due to the name of the area where it is located) were kidnapped and disappeared by the detachment belonging to the Peruvian Army Colina Group.	The National University of Education Enrique Guzmán y Valle was founded as a teacher training center in 1822, achieving university status in 1965.
In its place the tower of the castle is a monolith in memory of the defenders of the independence of Navarre.	Today, the castle is a symbol of Maya Navarre demanding the return of sovereignty by Navarra.
&quot;Maria Anna Maria Schwegelin&quot; (- 1781 in Kempten prison) was a German servant of Lachen, last &quot;witch&quot; condemned to the stake in Germany.	We deliver, Anna Maria Schwegelin, the executioner to be carried from life to death at the stake as a witch. &#39; &quot;
The &quot;archipelago of the Chonos&quot;, is an archipelago located in the Pacific Ocean in the Aysen Region, Chile south of the archipelago of the Guaitecas.	Chonos archipelago stretches from the southern part of the Guaitecas islands to the north coast of the peninsula Taitao, which is separated by the Pulluche canal, mouth Wickham and the bay Anna Pink.
F40 manufacturing began in 1987 with the 40th anniversary of the founding of the brand.	F40 ended production in 1992 and in 1995 was replaced by the F50, which until a new generation of factory endorse GT1 cars that came, stayed competitive.
Prior to the creation of this royal audience, jurisdiction over this territory was divided between Hearings Charcas and Lima.	On May 3, 1788, through a Royal Decree, the Real Audiencia of Cuzco was established with territories corresponding to the Hearings of Lima and Charcas.
&quot;The Bodrum Castle&quot; or &quot;Bodrum Castle&quot; (in Turkish: &quot;Bodrum Kalesi&quot;) is a castle located in southwest Turkey, in the city of Bodrum, the ancient Halicarnassus.	It is called Castillo de San Pedro and was built in 1420 by the Knights Hospitallers of St. John of Jerusalem.
Mental health has been defined in many ways by authors from different cultures.	The social acceptance of people with mental health conditions has proven to be the best support and the best prevention of mental disorders.
A &quot;coprocessor&quot; is a microprocessor of a computer used as a supplement to the functions of the main processor (CPU).	In some architectures the coprocessor is another general purpose processor, but only execute a limited range by the main processor that exercise control functions.
Assuming that the parties are a necessary evil, people go away from them and seek other avenues to intervene, leading to the creation of so-called &quot;pressure groups&quot;.	In the party-are left to the electorate citizen, choice, discussion, participation and consensus around issues and determined by the elites or political party leaderships options.
Ghana now has a new national airline, Ghana International Airlines, in what is a partnership between the government of Ghana and US private investors.	The airline ceased its air operations since it was replaced by Ghana International Airlines, an airline owned by the government of Ghana.
The &quot;Hānaiakamālama&quot; or &quot;Summer Palace of Queen Emma,&quot; served as a place of recreation of Queen Emma of Hawaii from 1857 to 1885, in addition to her husband, King Kamehameha IV and his son, Prince Albert Edward .	The Summer Palace of Queen Emma, ​​is now on a plot of 2.16 acres (8,740 m²) owned by the &quot;Queen Emma Estate&quot;, maintained by the Daughters of Hawaii.
&quot;José Basco y Vargas&quot; (Ronda 1733-1805) was Governor and Captain General of the Philippine Islands.	Its work of government has been reputed as one of the brightest in the history of the Government and Captaincy General of the Philippine Islands.
As with the radar technology, where radio waves are used instead of light, the distance to the object is determined by measuring the time delay between transmission of the pulse and its detection by the reflected signal.	Since the formula for the speed of light is well known, the time intervals between the transmission and reception can be easily calculated.
During hemofiltration, blood from a patient is passed through a set of pipes (filter circuit), via a machine, to a semipermeable membrane (filter) which are removed waste and water.	In a similar manner renal dialysis, haemofiltration involves the movement of solutes across a semipermeable membrane.
A &quot;First Communion&quot; is a sacramental ritual of a Catholic Church, by which a person, usually minor, participating for the first time the sacrament of the Eucharist receiving Communion (receive the body and blood of Jesus Christ), being a mandatory requirement to have obtained before the sacrament of Baptism and of Penance or confession.	First Communion is an act of faith in the believer&#39;s life that determines a series of future commitments to the communicant, the main, continue to participate in the sacrament of Communion and consequently of Penance (Confession) as many times as possible .
Although it has a long work as a journalist, it has been released to the general public for his work in Spanish Television as a presenter of the program &quot;Breakfast of TVE&quot;.	On August 4, 2012, it was announced his dismissal of program management &quot;Breakfast of TVE&quot;.
&quot;Club Deportivo Marquense&quot; or simply &quot;Marquense&quot; is a football club from Guatemala San Marcos department.	The club was founded in April 1958 by Mario Monterroso Miron and Luis Emilio Anzueto along with a group of residents of the municipality of San Marcos and San Pedro in the decision to form a football team to represent the city.
Miss Bolivia organization is responsible for selecting the representatives of the country for international certámentes Miss Universe, Miss World, Miss International, Miss Earth and Miss Supranational, among others.	5 candidates are crowned the winner, &quot;Miss Bolivia&quot; second &quot;Miss World Bolivia&quot;, the &quot;Miss Bolivia International&quot; third place, the fourth &quot;Miss Earth Bolivia&quot; place and place fifth &quot;Miss Bolivia Supranational&quot;.
To identify the species the position and characteristics of the sori found in the fertile leaves (see text) they are used.	The characteristics and position of the sori are &quot;differential characters&quot; used to identify the species.
The &quot;space rock&quot; ( &quot;space rock&quot;) is a musical genre emerged during the early 1960s as a stream of psychedelic rock and progressive music.	The space rock emerged in the late 60s in the UK in the so called psychedelic music.
The &quot;hepadnavirus&quot; have a very short DNA genome and partially double-stranded helix partially single circular.	Hepadnaviruses have a peculiar mode of replication; They replicate through an RNA intermediate (back they transcribed into DNA using reverse transcriptase).
&quot;Saint Anne, the Virgin and Child&quot; or &quot;The Virgin and Child with St. Anne&quot; is an oil painting by Leonardo da Vinci depicting St. Anne, her daughter the Virgin Mary and baby Jesus.	Another theory proposed by Freud attempts to explain the affection of Leonardo to represent the Virgin Mary with Saint Anne.
The &quot;elver&quot; is the eel fry the fish, only permitted by the laws of juvenile fish.	Elver is the juvenile or breeding eel, who is on long migrations to reproduce, from European rivers (in Spain), to the places for spawning.
They were released his first album, &quot;Synthetic Generation&quot; in 2001, although their fame came with the album &quot;Termination Bliss&quot; (2006) and &quot;Night Electric Night&quot; (2009).	The recording of the band was Universal, with which they recorded their first album, &quot;Synthetic Generation&quot; in 2001, in his own country, but then had problems with the international distribution of Universal and therefore signed an agreement with the Nuclear seal Blast.
The &quot;Economic and Monetary Union&quot; (EMU) is the area formed by the group of countries within the European Union, which share a common market and a single currency, the euro, and where a single monetary policy is implemented.	Likewise, the Economic Union Monetary Union culminates a process by which the euro as the single currency of the countries of the European Union was established.
A &quot;dialysis catheter&quot; is a catheter used to move the patient&#39;s blood to and from the hemodialysis machine.	If a patient requires dialysis therapy long term, chronic dialysis catheter will be inserted.
It is meant by &quot;dialogue&quot; a classic literary genre that was cultivated in ancient Greece and was revived in the Renaissance by Humanism, especially by Erasmus of Rotterdam and his followers (erasmistas).	The literary dialogue fits into the genre of didactic literature and was cultivated in Greece by the great philosopher Socrates as cognitive tool to find philosophical truth through debate (dialectic) in the company of other procedures such as the irony and maieutics.
&quot;Perceval&quot;, also known as &quot;Parzival&quot; or &quot;Parsifal&quot; is one of the legendary Knights of the Round Table of King Arthur.	Wanting to become a knight, the boy travels to the court of King Arthur, where after proving his worth as a warrior is knighted and invited to join the Knights of the Round Table.
It is a ritual that is part of the practices of many religions and beliefs.	The ring is essential part of the rituals of initiation of the sessions of the Masonic lodges.
prior to each of the Football World Cup organized by FIFA in which the participating teams of the event are determined conducted.	However, for the 1970 FIFA World Cup there were 68 teams that competed in 175 qualifying matches, surpassing the 127 of the previous event.
The &quot;132nd Armored Division&quot; Ariete &quot;was the first armored division constituted by the&quot; Regio Esercito &quot;Italian, February 1, 1939 from the&quot; 2nd Armoured Brigade &quot;.	The &quot;Ariete&quot; division was established on February 1, 1939 from the &quot;2nd Armoured Brigade,&quot; which accordingly is dissolved.
Ibores Cheese is a fatty cheese, made exclusively from raw goat milk Serrana, Verata, Retinta and their crosses.	The milk is the full natural product obtained from milking healthy goats, farms registered in the Register of herds in the Protected Designation of Origin.
In physics, the &quot;field theory&quot; describes the set of principles and mathematical techniques to study the dynamics and spatial distribution of physical fields.	Field theory was developed in the context of classical mechanics in the nineteenth century to describe both the gravitational field and the electric field as other forms of continuous matter are as fluid.
It is generally characterized by an increase above the normal trend of economic growth, unsustainable rate.	Overheating is usually preceded by levels of economic growth below average growth.
&quot;Berenguer de Palou&quot; (- 1241) was bishop of the diocese of Barcelona since 1212-1241.	Berenguer de Palou died in 1241 and is buried in the chapel of San Miguel de Barcelona Cathedral.
The Institute only offers graduate programs in modern and contemporary history, political sociology, regional studies and international cooperation.	Research Institute Dr. José María Luis Mora is recognized on the national and international academic world for excellence in research in history and social sciences and the quality of the master who teaches.
Gender existed in the early Cretaceous in southern Gondwana, according fossils found in Antarctica.	More recently, Cantrill (1998) described a fossilized leaves in the early Cretaceous layer (more specifically in the Aptian), Antarctica, containing spores of &quot;Cyatheacidites&quot;.
He recorded three albums, two of which ( &quot;Invisible&quot; and &quot;The Garden of the present&quot;) are included in the list of the 100 best in the history of Argentine rock magazine Rolling Stone. and &quot;Peach bleeding.&quot;	The album is considered by Rolling Stone magazine as # 65 among the top 100 of the Argentine rock.
His greatest achievement was to have reached the final of the Australia Open in 1979 where he lost to Argentine Guillermo Vilas.	Previously, he was Chief of Staff of Defense (CDS) of the Spanish Army between 2004 and 2008.
&quot;Gaius Julius Priscus&quot; or &quot;Prisco&quot; (III century) was a usurper, military and member of the Praetorian Guard during the reign of Gordian III.	Prisco became a member of the Praetorian Guard near 242 during the Persian campaign Gordian III and when Timesitheus, the praetorian prefect, died in 243, persuaded the young emperor to replace it by his own brother Philip.
The archbishop accepted this opinion and annulled the profession of Sister Fernanda Fernandez, made him dress as a man, and 11 February 1792 sent it to his parents, who were still living in Zújar.	Inspectah Deck was born in the Bronx, but moved to Staten Island when he was a child, living in the Park Hill Projects in Clifton, where other members of the future Wu-Tang Clan would live and congregate.
The &quot;Massif Montgrí&quot; is a mountain range bordering the Mediterranean Sea in Catalonia (Spain).	Montgrí massif is an emergence of rock formed by Calcaria oriented east-west fault.
&quot;Salma de Nora&quot; (Madrid, 16 June 1979) is a Spanish porn actress.	Salma de Nora began her career as a porn actress in December 2003 after visiting the Venus Festival of Germany.
The &quot;Hānaiakamālama&quot; or &quot;Summer Palace of Queen Emma,&quot; served as a place of recreation of Queen Emma of Hawaii from 1857 to 1885, in addition to her husband, King Kamehameha IV and his son, Prince Albert Edward .	The house itself is a museum that houses the possessions of Queen Emma, ​​besides her husband, King Kamehameha IV, his son, Prince Albert Edward and other members of the Hawaiian royal families.
The &quot;fire in the city of Valladolid&quot; of September 21, 1561, in Spain, was an event in the history of Valladolid which resulted in the destruction of a tenth of the city.	The fire started on Sunday 21 September, in the vicinity of the house of the silversmith of the city, Juan de Granada.
He gained this position with that of Appeals Judge &quot;agravos da Casa da Suplicação&quot; Fazenda accounting, general superintendent of Contraband and Misappropriations and prosecutor of the Board of Directors of the Company of Pernambuco and Paraiba.	One of the most cecanos friends and Sickert supporter of his, was Baron Lord Beaverbrook, who accumulated the largest single collection of Sickert paintings in the world.
&quot;Ebenezer Scrooge&quot; is the name of the protagonist of the novel 1843 &quot;A Christmas Carol&quot; by Charles Dickens.	The story of &quot;A Christmas Carol&quot; begins on Christmas Eve with Scrooge in your workplace.
Two of its branches, the house of Manrique de Lara (Dukes of Nájera and Marquises of Aguilar de Campo), has the rank of Major of Spain of the first old.	In 1520, Charles I of Spain distinguished the House of Lara with the dignity of Greatness of Spain in the persons of its most important representatives, the Duke of Najera and the Marquis de Aguilar de Campo, distinction later also granted to the Earl of Paredes de Nava and Count of Osorno.
&quot;Natalia Oreiro&quot; is the debut album Uruguayan actress and singer Natalia Oreiro, released by BMG Records.	The debut album &quot;Nati&quot; falls amid intense work of singer-turned actress.
The &quot;cow&quot; in the case of the female, or &quot;bull&quot; in the case of the male ( &quot;cattle&quot; or &quot;Bos taurus&quot;) is a mammal artiodactyl family Bovidae.	Hathor is the goddess of love, joy and dancing, and protective of newborns.
should not be confused with the concept of &quot;working time&quot;, the day represents the &quot;number of hours that the worker must provide his service,&quot; while the &quot;schedule&quot; &quot;sets the time of entry and exit&quot;.	If the schedule prevented that could make the whole day, the employer may impose full compliance of the day
The index of the step depends on the osmotic pressure, concentration, and temperature electrochemical gradient of molecules or solutes on either side, and the permeability of the membrane for each solute.	Depending on the membrane and the solute, permeability may depend on the size of the solute, solubility characteristics, or chemistry.
From the Europeans discovered the existence of America in 1492, the continent was subjected to a brutal exploitation of their property.	From this moment the laws of Spanish Corona established that the American Indians (Native Americans) would not be subjected to slavery, but in the Spanish colonization of America, a bonded called &quot;entrustment&quot; would be established.
The index of the step depends on the osmotic pressure, concentration, and temperature electrochemical gradient of molecules or solutes on either side, and the permeability of the membrane for each solute.	By contrast, water molecules can form hydrogen bonds with the polymer membrane and penetrate.
The range of Cruzcampo is the best selling in Spain in terms of sales volume.	The sale of beers Cruzcampo is widespread throughout the country, however, the region of Andalusia is one of the points where more sales records.
The &quot;cod liver oil&quot;, also called &quot;oleum morrhuae&quot; is as its name suggests oil extracted from livers of Atlantic cod ( &quot;Gadus morhua&quot;).	The cod liver oil is obtained by cooking cod livers steamed and then pressing them to extract the oil.
Amelia is known for winning the beauty pageant Miss Universe 2003, becoming the first Dominican and the youngest to win the title since 1994.	After winning the title of Miss Dominican Republic 2002, Amelia represented the Dominican Republic in Miss Universe 2003, managing to be the first Dominican to win the title.
Fighting forces were the Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism (ARPCT) on the one hand, and loyal to the Islamic Courts Union (ICU) by another militia.	The conflict began in mid-February 2006, when the Somali war lords formed the Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counterterrorism because of the challenge posed by the emerging influence of the Union of Islamic Courts.
This article also includes links to articles in English on the water and sanitation sector in several countries in Latin America.	A summary of the responsibilities of provision and regulation of drinking water and sanitation in Latin America is in the English version of this article (see link on the left below).
A &quot;Army Group&quot; is composed of two or more corps acting together under a single command and military unit.	A group of armies is the largest unit that can be formed into an army, whether land, sea or air.
A generic drug is made with the same active ingredients, and is available with the same strength and dosage form as the equivalent brand.	According to WHO, a &quot;generic drug&quot; is that sold under the name of the active ingredient incorporated, being bioequivalent to the original brand, ie equal in composition and pharmaceutical form and with the same bioavailability as the same.
The &quot;Achilles&quot; ( &quot;tendo Achillis&quot;) or &quot;Achilles tendon&quot; ( &quot;tendo calcaneus&quot;) is a tendon in the back of the leg.	The Achilles tendon is the tendon extension of the three calf muscles: twin, soleus and plantaris.
On June 8 of that year Göhr again broke the world record for the 100 m in East Berlin doing 10,81.	However, European nationalism was cut short by Hitler&#39;s rise to power and World War II.
The &quot;Royal Canadian Mounted Police&quot; ( &quot;Royal Canadian Mounted Police&quot; &quot;RCMP&quot; in English and &quot;Gendarmerie royale du Canada&quot; &quot;GRC&quot; in French) is the federal and national police in Canada.	Because of all these extensions to its basic functions, the RCMP is the largest police force in Canada.
It is especially renowned for his theory of job enrichment and theory of Motivation and Hygiene.	Herzberg proposed the Motivation and Hygiene Theory, also known as the &quot;two-factor theory&quot; (1959).
The Dreamcast is the successor to the Sega Saturn and was released to the market to gain ground on the Sony Playstation and Nintendo 64 Nintendo, and compete with the successors to these systems.	In 1995, Camelot was officially separated from Sega signing an agreement whereby the company would continue with the development of the Shining series titles for Sega platforms without throwing games for other consoles that could harm this franchise.
It is the book of the anniversaries of the martyrs and the saints extension in general, of the mysteries and events that can lead to an annual commemoration in the Catholic Church.	This large catalog of martyrs and saints of ancient times appeared in the first half of the s. SAW.
All British army officers and many other parts of the world are trained in Sandhurst.	The course lasts 44 weeks and should be completed by all regular officers of the British Army (with some exceptions) before they receive their commission.
The Furies, unmentionable, so the euphemism Eumenides (benevolent) is used, are the goddesses of vengeance who pursue Orestes by the death of his mother Clytemnestra.	The Furies, goddesses of blood revenge, argue that, if not condemning Orestes, in any city free to make any act by own revenge will feel.
The &quot;Order of St. Jerome&quot; (Latin: &quot;Ordo Sancti Hieronymi&quot;), (acronym &quot;OSH&quot;) is a Catholic religious order of monastic enclosure and purely contemplative orientation that emerged in the fourteenth century.	The Order of St. Jerome prescribes a religious life of solitude and silence, in assiduous prayer and strength in penance, and tries to bring his monks and nuns to mystical union with God, consider that the more intense this union, by his own donation in much more splendid monastic life of the Church becomes harder and its fruitful apostolate.
&quot;Peace or Treaty of Alfred and Guthrum&quot; was an agreement between Alfred the Great, king of Wessex and Guthrum, Viking ruler of East Anglia or East Anglia.	The paper begins with a prologue, summarizing that is a treaty between &quot;King Alfred and King Guthrum and all directors (&quot; Witenagemot &quot;or&quot; witan &quot;) of British races and all nations of East Anglia.&quot;
&quot;Bodies Without Organs&quot; or &quot;BWO&quot; is a dance group from Sweden formed in 2004 by Alexander Bard, Marina and Martin Rolinski Schiptjenko vocals.	It consists of &quot;Alexander Bard&quot; (former member of the Army of Lovers), &quot;Marina Schiptjenko&quot; and &quot;Martin Rolinski&quot;, the latter chosen by the first two after a casting in which Martin seemed the perfect candidate.
This fish due to its high price in the market, has a cheaper substitute surimi, known as &quot;gluttony&quot; (name taken from a trademark).	It is popularly known as &quot;gluttony&quot;, a name that really corresponds to a particular trademark of the product.
The street &quot;Prager Straße&quot; or &quot;Prager Strasse&quot; Dresden (Germany) connects the central station of that city with Altmarkt Square and the shopping street par excellence in the Saxon capital.	&quot;Quintanilla San García&quot; is a town and municipality located in the province of Burgos, autonomous community of Castilla y Leon (Spain), district of Bureba, judicial party of Briviesca, city council of the same name.
The film is about the life of Tommy, a man finished generally spends his days drinking in a bar.	Tommy (Steve Buscemi) is an alcoholic 30 years he spends his free time at a local bar, Trees Lounge.
It is one of the founders of the NetBSD project, but currently does not participate actively in the project.	Chris worked actively in maintaining the core system until 1995.
&quot;Ribeiro&quot; is one of the five existing designations of origin for wines in Galicia.	Ordinances Ribadavia (1579), recognized by the Intellectual Property Office, are the source of current Spanish wines.
&quot;Alexander Mahone&quot; is a character in the FOX television series, &quot;Prison Break&quot; played by William Fichtner.	In fact, this short shows some ideas about Droopy&#39;s personality, the character Cecil Turtle is quite similar to Droopy.
The &quot;Romanization of Greek&quot; is the representation of texts written in Greek alphabet using the Latin alphabet.	Transliteration is to move the Greek alphabet to the Latin alphabet grapheme grapheme, so you can retrieve the original script from the transliterated text.
Especialiada in leather products and leather, since its acquisition in February 2001 by the Gucci Group has diversified its production to women&#39;s fashion (since 2005) and male (from 2006), jewelry, cosmetics and perfumes and accessories decoration.	Since then, its product offering has diversified greatly and now includes jewelry, eyewear, cosmetics and fragrances, decoration and furniture.
&quot;Botulinum toxin&quot;, also called &quot;botulin&quot; is a neurotoxin produced by the bacterium &quot;Clostridium botulinum&quot;.	Botulinum toxin is a relatively thermolabile protein that is composed of a heavy chain (H chain) a light (L chain) linked by a disulfide bridge.
The &quot;Youth Day&quot; is a movement of the Catholic Church in which young people gather at the time of Easter in different countries like Spain, Mexico, Dominican Republic, Paraguay, Puerto Rico and Venezuela in order to meditate, pray and activities to help the spirituality of young people themselves.	The origin of juvenile Easter dates back to Taizé movement, which carries the connotation of: contemplation, commitment, communion, ecumenism, fight and youth.
&quot;Kent Brockman&quot; is a recurring character in the animated series &quot;The Simpsons.&quot;	Yates and Simpson were the first to climb and reach the summit of Siula Grande in the Peruvian Andes, following the substantially vertical west face route.
The &quot;Fibre Channel&quot; (for &quot;fiber channel&quot;) is a network technology primarily used for storage networking, first available at the speed of 1 Gbit / s and then at 2, 4 and 8 Gbit / s.	Implementations are available Fibre Channel 1, 2 and 4 Gbit / s. A standard 8 Gbit / s is under development.
It set in 2015, it is the history of Mars, a robot that has different concerns and growing as a human child.	This is the story of an android that struggles between his &quot;body to fight&quot; and his &quot;heart to love.&quot;
From this moment the laws of Spanish Corona established that the American Indians (Native Americans) would not be subjected to slavery, but in the Spanish colonization of America, a bonded called &quot;entrustment&quot; would be established.	With the emergency security measures the government created a structure economic driving overlapped existing laws.
&quot;Shasu&quot; is the Egyptian word to designate the nomads who emerged in the Middle East, the fifteenth century.	This word has its origin in a list of persons of Transjordan, the fifteenth century.
&quot;Knee joint&quot; He calls the central joint of the rear or lower limbs of vertebrates, in the case of the human species is the central joint of the lower limbs.	The Tuvan People&#39;s Republic is now formally known as Tuva within the Russian Federation.
The &quot;Limburg-Weilburg&quot; (German for &quot;Landkreis Limburg-Weilburg&quot;) is a federal district located in the Regierungsbezirk Gießen, Hesse (Germany).	The current Limburg-Weilburg was born in 1974 the result of the administrative reorganization of the federal state of Hesse.
They were written around 1415 and 1450, during a period in which the horrors of the Black Death and the consequent popular uprisings were very present in society.	The &quot;Ars moriendi&quot; die provided guidance for those who experienced the macabre horrors of the XIV and XV, particularly the black plague centuries; and for those seeking ways to distinguish themselves doing the &quot;appropriate&quot; acts in a growing culturally aware status in a Europe depopulated but consequently more prosperous &quot;per capita&quot;.
The &quot;Brandy de Jerez&quot; is a Spanish brandy produced in Jerez.	Similarly, depending on the type of sherry that had the boot above in which the brandy is aged, it takes a different flavor.
The &quot;guitar effects&quot; (or &quot;manipulation signal&quot;) are alterations either digital, analog or acoustic in tone or sound of a guitar, usually electric.	The remaining effects emerged in different forms of recurring sound manipulation.
The &quot;Case-Based Reasoning&quot; is the process of solving new problems based on the solutions above problems.	It has been argued that the case-based reasoning is not only a powerful method for computer reasoning, but is used by people to solve everyday problems.
&quot;Liberty City&quot; is a fictional town in the saga Rockstar Games video game, &quot;Grand Theft Auto&quot;.	Liberty City is the site most used in the series of Grand Theft Auto: appears in six of the ten games and GTA extensions, plus two cameos.
&quot;The lynching in Ramallah&quot; was the killing of two Israeli soldiers by Palestinians in Ramallah.	On October 12, 2000, two Israeli soldiers (Yossi Avrahami and Vadim Nurzhitz) entered the city of Ramallah unarmed and were arrested by the police of the Palestinian Authority.
Its fronds, large and several times pinnate, and the petiole adaxially raised, and the hairs on the rootstock and the bottom of the petioles, also reminiscent of tree ferns.	The fronds are large, 2-3 pinnate, with hairs on the bottom of the petioles, and are raised in their abaxial part, common characters in cyatheales (clade tree ferns).
&quot;Range&quot; is a Spanish village in the municipality of Aguilar de Campo in the province of Palencia, in the Autonomous Community of Castile and Leon.	In the local highway PP-6,201th a distance of 8 km from Aguilar de Campoo, the municipal capital, in the region of Campoo.
The &quot;duplex printing&quot; or &quot;duplex printing&quot; is a feature of the printer to automatically print a sheet of paper on both sides.	Most printers can automatically print on a single side of paper (simplex printing).
&quot;Milena Jesenská&quot;, writer, journalist and translator Czech, born in Prague on August 10, 1896 and died on May 17, 1944 in the concentration camp Ravensbruck, Germany.	In the concentration camp he contracted a kidney infection that ended his life on May 17, 1944.
The &quot;Arab music&quot; is music of the Arab countries, which have in common the Arabic language.	In 1996 Amr Diab released the song entitled &quot;Habibi and the ain nur&quot; which became a success not only in Arab countries but around the world.
&quot;Miguel Henriquez Guzman&quot; (Piedras Negras, Coahuila, August 4, 1898 - Mexico City, August 29, 1972) was a Mexican politician and military.	Despite the intensity of the protests was not achieved the results were reversed, so Henriquez Guzman chose to retire from public life until the day of his death on August 29, 1972.
The &quot;Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus&quot; is the title of a work of Ludwig Josef Johann Wittgenstein.	This method, although its main objective the production of beer, is very similar to that used in the manufacture of beverages such as sake, mead and wine.
The &quot;Mayan civilization&quot; dwelled much of the region known as Mesoamerica, in the current territories of Guatemala, Belize, Honduras, El Salvador and in the range of five southeastern states of Mexico: Campeche, Chiapas, Quintana Roo, Tabasco and Yucatan with a history of about 3000 years.	Speakers Mayan groups still live in southeastern Mexico, Belize, Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala (in the latter represent the largest ethnic component of the population).
These paintings were intended to form part of an epic symbolic cycle called &quot;House of Life&quot; (House of Life), in which all the emotions and aspirations of life would be represented in a universal symbolic language.	These works were part of a revised version of the &quot;House of Life&quot;, influenced by the ideas of Max Müller, founder of comparative religion.
&quot;Synopsys Inc.&quot; It is a leader in developing specialized for the design of complex integrated circuits (in English, &quot;EDA: Electronic Design Automation&quot;) software US company.	During the past 17 years, Synopsys has grown from a small company with a single product to a diversified and leading company in design tools for the industry of integrated circuits and semiconductors.
The tradition began in the fourth century, but most date from the Viking age, and continued until the twelfth century.	The tradition of erecting stones with runic inscriptions first appears between the fourth century and the V century in Norway and Sweden, these early runestones are usually located next to graves.
The specimen is exceptional by the conserved parts: a skull and jaw and an internal mold of the braincase (endocranium).	The specimen includes most of the face and jaw with teeth and an internal mold of the braincase, exceptionally preserved.
&quot;Mansilla de las Mulas&quot; ( &quot;Mansiella de las Mulas&quot; in leonine) is a municipality and town of Spain, in the province of Leon, autonomous community of Castilla y Leon.	Mansilla de las Mulas, Leon is a town, by the Esla river flowing along its left bank.
&quot;Jose Gregorio Salazar&quot; (born in San Salvador in 1773 - died in Guatemala City on February 1, 1838) ruled the Republic of El Salvador as Supreme Head Provisorio July 13 to September 30, 1834 and ruled the Central American Federation as Vice President from 1834 to 1835.	Don Jose Gregorio Salazar, born in San Salvador in 1773 and died in Guatemala City, killed by the army of Rafael Carrera, on 1 February 1838.
&quot;Izamal&quot; (in the Mayan language, Itzmal: dew of heaven) is a Mexican city, head of the State of Yucatan municipality of the same name (one of the 106 that make up the state).	The town of Izamal is one of the 106 communes of the State of Yucatan, Mexico located in the central part north of the Yucatan Peninsula.
The &quot;Bois de Boulogne&quot; (in French: &quot;Bois de Boulogne&quot;) or Bologna, is a park located on the western edge of the XVI arrondissement of Paris, near the suburb of Boulogne-Billancourt.	The &quot;Bois de Boulogne&quot; was officially annexed to the city of Paris in 1929 and was built in the sixteenth arrondissement.
&quot;GlaxoSmithKline&quot; (GSK) is a British company of pharmaceutical products, dental care and health care.	It is also a biochemical research company and its products cover a large part in the field of pharmacy, but some focus on CNS, oncology, antibiotics, respiratory and endocrinology
&quot;Ralph Bakshi&quot; (Haifa, British Mandate of Palestine, October 29, 1938) is an American filmmaker and animator.	Ralph Bakshi was born on October 29, 1938 in Haifa, then part of the British Mandate of Palestine.
&quot;Juan Martínez de Irujo Goñi&quot;, known professionally as &quot;Martinez de Irujo&quot; (Ibero - Cendea de Olza, Navarra, Spain, November 4, 1981) is a professional pelota player mode hand.	Martinez de Irujo debuted as a professional ballplayer on June 6, 2003 in the Labrit fronton of Pamplona.
&quot;The White Rabbit&quot; (English title: &quot;The White Rabbit&quot;) is the fifth chapter of the first season of Lost.	In a flashback, Jack&#39;s father sees the battered face of his son.
Archbishop Chavez served in the bishopric of San Salvador for 39 years (1938-1977).	He served as a priest in the parishes of Tenancingo, Ilobasco and Cojutepeque and the historic church of La Merced in San Salvador.
Pavel has also been awarded the title &quot;Deserved Worker of Industry of the Republic of Belarus&quot;.	Pavel was concessioned with the title of Hero of Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko by the June 30, 2001 for &quot;his exceptional work and efforts&quot; in developing domestic automobile construction. &quot;
&quot;The Viennese&quot; is a theater company founded in the early 1940s by the Austrian Artur Kaps, and in which the Italian Gustavo Re and also Austrian Franz Johan and puppeteer Herta Frankel were integrated.	The core diameter to core of a C 60 molecule is about 0.71 nm.
The &quot;macrobiotic diet&quot; defines a way of eating based on the principle of balance of Yin and Yang and is an adaptation of the culinary traditions of the Far East, where food, medicine and even spirituality often present imbricated.	&quot;Study first Yin and Yang and then estudiad all the rest&quot;.
In December 2004, a lower court ruled that Aruba marriage between Charlene and Esther Oduber-Lamer held in the Netherlands should be recognized in Aruba.	The day April 13, 2007, the Supreme Court stated that, in accordance with the Charter of the Kingdom of the Netherlands (which are subject all the territories of the Kingdom), marriages solemnized in any territory of the Kingdom of the Netherlands They must be accepted in the remaining territories of the Kingdom too.
It is the oldest diocese of East, it bears the honorary title of &quot;Patriarch of the East Indies&quot; since 1886.	In 1572 Gregory XIII granted the Archbishop of Goa the title of Primate of East and January 23, 1886 Leo XIII Patriarch of the East Indies.
Across all regions the emphasis is always on serving fresh foods.	Of all the central regions is the most varied and has unique flavors, still another form the spicier and more colorful.
Authorization for the texts and images of Baluarte (Congress and Auditorium of Navarra) under the GFDL.	I inform you that you have permission to include information BALUARTE in Wikipendia, and we agree that the material is published under the GFDL
The &quot;Secretariat of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union&quot; was the organ of the Central Committee responsible for the central administration of the party.	At that time, the Secretariat was responsible for technical issues such as coordination of activities of regional organizations of the Party and routine administrative matters.
The &quot;high jump&quot; or &quot;high jump&quot; is a form of equestrian jumping power in which a binomial (horse and rider) must cross a single obstacle in height, making a jump set.	The obstacle in the high jump is unique and presents an oblique upward, while the power jump three or four vertical obstacles in the competition, and including wall power, which is the obstacle of greater height and is a completely vertical wall also leaves visualize what&#39;s on the other side of it.
General &quot;Juan Barragan Rodriguez&quot; was a Mexican military man who participated in Mexican Revolution.	His grandfather Juan Bautista Barragan was an illustrious educator, promoter of rural schools and constituent deputy in 1857.
The &quot;carbonation&quot; is a chemical reaction in which the calcium hydroxide reacts with carbon dioxide and form insoluble calcium carbonate.	Carbonation is a slow process that occurs in the concrete where slaked lime (calcium hydroxide) cement reacts with carbon dioxide to form calcium carbonate air.
It consists of four private universities: the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru (PUCP), Lima University (UL), the University of the Pacific (UP) and the Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia (UPCH).	The four universities are also the most prestigious private universities at the level of Lima and Peru: Peruvian Cayetano Heredia University, Pacific University, the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru (PUCP), Lima University (UL).
Exerted by both young men and women of all ages, the clientele was predominantly male.	Contrary to female prostitution, which mobilizes women of all ages, male prostitution is basically reserved for teenagers.
In the game Dragonlance, the &quot;War of the Lance&quot; is a war in the world of Krynn.	With the collapse of the Temple of Takhisis in Neraka, he concluded one of the worst wars of Krynn: The War of the Lance.
In automata theory and sequential logic, a &quot;state transition table&quot; is a table showing what state will move a finite automaton given, based on the current status and other inputs.	When it is a nondeterministic finite automaton, then the transition table shows all states that the PLC will move.
&quot;Pierre Chappaz&quot;, born on April 12, 1959 in Toulon, France, is a businessman and a founder of Kelkoo and Wikio.	In 2006 I Wikio, a search engine for information in news sites and blogs, as well as being one of the leaders of Netvibes, a web portal that can be customized.
In automata theory and sequential logic, a &quot;state transition table&quot; is a table showing what state will move a finite automaton given, based on the current status and other inputs.	A &quot;state table&quot; is essentially a truth table in which some of the entries are the current state, and outputs include the following state, along with other outlets.
It is formed by twenty carbon hexagonal rings and pentagonal rings twelve, with a carbon atom at the vertices of each polygon, and a link on each of the edges.	It is known that Petrus Petri also worked on the works of the Old Cathedral of Salamanca, as mentioned in the Archive of the Cathedral of that city, which also involved the following teachers: Guilder Pituenga, Casandro Romano, Alvar García, Pedro de la work, John the Pedrero, Sancho Pedro or Juan Franco.
The &quot;House of Welf&quot; or &quot;former House of Bavaria&quot; (also called in Spanish of &quot;Welves&quot; or &quot;Guelphs&quot;) is a European dynasty to which belonged several German monarchs and British since the eleventh century to century XX.	The House of Welf is the older branch of the House of Este, a dynasty whose oldest known members lived in Lombardy in the ninth century.
During this period most of society depended on agriculture and there were the villas.	The village of &quot;Corralillo&quot; is located in the present province of Villa Clara (formerly Las Villas), Cuba.
It is one of the leading Israeli singers, with a career that has stretched over more than forty years.	It is one of the most famous Israeli singers Yiddish, but has also sung in Hebrew, English and Arabic.
In mathematics, the &quot;resolution of an equation&quot; is the calculation method to find what values ​​(numbers, functions, sets, etc.) that meet the condition indicated as an equality (an equation) are.	In all these cases the principle that the resolution of the equation is finding the values ​​that make the equation is satisfied is maintained, only depending on the mathematical operators involved will need to use different strategies or methods to solve the equations.
The &quot;party politics&quot; or &quot;partidocracia&quot; is a neologism used to define the bureaucracy of political parties.	Assuming that the parties are a necessary evil, people go away from them and seek other avenues to intervene, leading to the creation of so-called &quot;pressure groups&quot;.
The &quot;Vietnamese cuisine&quot; is known for its widespread use of fish sauce, soy sauce and hoisin sauce (its scent provides a unique character to the kitchen).	The cuisine of the central part of Vietnam has been influenced by the colonization of different cultures.
&quot;The Loretana&quot; is a football club of Peru, city of Pucallpa in the Ucayali Department.	The &quot;Club de Mar of Castropol&quot; is a company dedicated to the sport of rowing, founded in 1949 and headquartered in Castropol (Asturias, Spain), on the banks of the River Eo.
The name &quot;Persian Garden&quot; refers to a tradition and a way of designing gardens that originated in Persia (now Iran).	The Persian concept of an ideal garden (like a paradise), is best represented in the Taj Mahal.
For the picture &quot;Haywain&quot; by John Constable, The Hay Wain see. &quot;	In the paintings of Georges de La Tour, the light source is concrete: a candle, a candle, a torch or other form of artificial light, whereas in the works of Caravaggio, the light came from a source of vague origin.
&quot;Baños de Agua Santa&quot; or simply &quot;Bath&quot; is an Ecuadorian city of the province of Tungurahua.	The &quot;crypt of Santa Leocadia&quot; is located inside the Cathedral of Oviedo, Asturias.
&quot;Carlos of Bourbon-Soissons&quot; (Nogent-le-Rotrou, 1566 - Blandy, 1612), was count of Soissons and prince of France.	Carlos de Bourbon-Soissons died in 1612 at the age of 42 years in Blandy, in the department of Seine-et-Marne.
It is located 10 km from the city center and the airport is a hub for Czech Airlines.	The airport has an excellent location, close to the center of Prague and Central Europe.
The &quot;treaty of Lyon&quot; of 1504, signed by Louis XII of France and Ferdinand, ended the second war of Naples with the abandonment of French claims to the kingdom of Naples in favor of the Crown of Aragon.	On 1 January 1504 the French garrison of Gaeta presented his capitulation to Fernandez de Cordoba and left Naples.
Few men in history have come to become a living legend, and Douglas Bader was one of them, personifying the heroism of the RAF during the war.	The &quot;London Times&quot; wrote: &quot;He became a legend to personify the heroism of the RAF during World War II.&quot;
&quot;Time 100&quot; is a list of the 100 most influential people according to Time magazine.	The first list was published in 1999 with the 100 most influential people of the 20th century.
He and his companion, Pierre Romain, became the first two victims of a plane crash.	De Rozier and his companion, Pierre Romain, finally got off of Boulogne-sur-Mer on June 15, 1785.
&quot;La Ciotat&quot; (in Occitan Provencal &quot;La Ciutat&quot;) is a port village of Provence, in the Bouches du Rhone.	&quot;La Ciotat&quot; is a French commune, located in the department of Bouches du Rhône and the Provence-Alpes-Côte d&#39;Azur region, 31 kilometers east of Marseille.
The &quot;alpha decay&quot; or &quot;alpha decay&quot; is a variant of radioactive decay by which an atomic nucleus emits an alpha particle and becomes a core with four units less mass number and two units of atomic number less.	However, in most cases the resulting core quickly loses two electrons in favor of the alpha particle and becomes atom (4He), electrically neutral.
