&quot;Mr. Chapo, would not be father to begin to deal with good?&quot; Then wrote Del Castillo. Bonnet contact her again after his arrest in February 2014, when &quot;the gringos fought to tell his story,&quot; Penn wrote in the article.	fPenn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
The magazine was heavily criticized for relying too much on account of the alleged victim without performing a basic verification of facts.	The magazine was strongly criticized for relying too strongly on the account of the alleged victim and failing to carry out basic fact-checking.
Of heavily armed Mexican Navy away the curious site on Saturday, while a contingent of journalists blocked a lane of the avenue a few blocks from the house.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
Nearly 1.1 million people were registered as asylum seekers in Germany last year, including over 400,000 from Syria, the government said Wednesday.	The federal government is trying to avoid a repeat of the summer of 2014, when so many children crossed the border into the U.S. from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador that they were forced to stay in Border Patrol facilities, which aren't designed to house children. 
For Del Castillo, acceptance of his character in &quot;La Reina del Sur&quot; settled in part on the characteristics of that antagonistic heroin.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Guzman wins millions of dollars transporting tons of cocaine and manufacturing and transporting methamphetamine and heroin to markets worldwide, of which the largest is in the United States.	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
Twenty of the 53 preferred to stay on the island, either because left to political activism or remain internal opponents.	Among those who remain, at least six men are back in Cuban prison on what their allies say are politically related charges. 
Netflix Inc. began the year with 70 million subscribers, and its executives had promised to spend about 5,000 million dollars in the year to obtain distribution rights studies worldwide.	The deal will give Netflix Inc. more video likely to appeal to children, an audience segment that has played an important role in its service more than doubling in size to 69 million subscribers during the past three years.
South Korea acted in retaliation for the nuclear test North Korea against Pyongyang broadcasts across the border on Friday, it is believed to date birthday of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.	As world leaders debated ways to penalize North Korea's claim of a fourth nuclear test, South Korea voiced its displeasure with broadcasts of anti-Pyongyang propaganda across the rivals' tense border Friday, believed to be the birthday of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
The same Perez-Reverte wrote on Sunday a message from his Twitter about the meeting that would have between Del Castillo, El Chapo and Penn: &quot;La Reina del Sur brokered interview Chapo expected no less from her.&quot; He tweeted the writer.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
The company has bought more and more material that can be seen only through its service, with more than 600 hours of original programming prepared for this year; that figure includes more than 50 exclusive programs and films, including the celebrated series &quot;House of Cards&quot; and &quot;Orange Is the New Black&quot;.	The expanded licensing agreement announced Tuesday will allow Netflix to showcase several new DreamWorks series, including "Trollhunters," a fantasy created by acclaimed movie director Guillermo del Toro.
Currently there has been a reaction to the North Korean authorities, but his answer could be severe due to the sensitivity of the birthday of Kim, who is believed to be close to 30 years.	Pyongyang is extremely sensitive to any outside criticism of the authoritarian leadership of Kim, the third member of his family to rule.
Washington, which for decades made explicit his support for dissidents, now said he is also looking for a new policy of opening to the island to improve the living conditions of citizens in general by promoting trade and travel to the island and encouraging the Cuban government to improve telecommunications and information flow.	American officials say Cuba's opening of at least 58 public Wi-Fi hotspots nationwide shows its new policy is working, even though Cuban officials don't describe the new Internet facilities as a result of detente.
The South Korean military banned foreign media from approaching the prior to the start of transmissions border.	South Korea's Defense Ministry couldn't confirm the reports.
Some observers believed that Maduro would initiate some economic reforms after the opposition won a national election for the first time in more than a decade, which set the stage for a political showdown unprecedented.	The court, which has never ruled against the executive branch, had barred the inauguration of the three lawmakers as authorities investigate allegations of voter fraud.
&quot;The commitment is here. We do a lot of awareness of it among our activists so that they do not leave,&quot; he told the AP, Jose Daniel Ferrer, leader of the Patriotic Union of Cuba, a group of eastern Cuba.	"Our commitment is here," said Jose Daniel Ferrer, leader of the Patriotic Union of Cuba, a group based in the country's east.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has emphasized the importance of diplomacy and make other European countries to share the burden, but his conservative allies in Bavaria propose setting a limit on the number of refugees that the country can accept.	Guatemalan officials say a prison riot in the eastern state of Izabal has left eight inmates dead.
Guzman&#39;s lawyer, Juan Pablo Badillo, told the Milenio newspaper that the defense has already filed six motions against extradition requests.	Mexican officials say Sean Penn's contacts with drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman helped them track the fugitive down - even if he slipped away from an initial raid on the hideout where the Hollywood actor apparently met him.
At least one of the gunmen was killed in a house under construction on the other side of the block.	Five people died in a gun battle as troops moved in.
While he was tried, Bolin and a woman who was part of his defense fell in love.	Just after his 2012 re-election, Obama pushed hard for a bipartisan gun control bill that collapsed in the Senate, ending any realistic prospects for a legislative solution in the near term.
The record prize provoked a frenzy of unprecedented sales.	Penn's story ran nine months after Rolling Stone retracted its discredited story about a gang rape at a fraternity party at the University of Virginia.
Transmissions include popular Korean pop songs, world news, weather forecasts, as well as criticism of the nuclear tests in North Korea, its shaken economy and poor human rights conditions, according to the Defense Ministry in Seoul.	North Koreans are prohibited from listening to K-pop.
Twenty of the 53 preferred to stay on the island, either because left to political activism or remain internal opponents.	The government historically has characterized them as U.S.-backed mercenaries and for decades has quashed any attempts to organize independent resistance to the single-party state founded by Fidel Castro and run by his brother, Raul.
The magazine news turned the weekend by revealing that the American actor Sean Penn got a rare interview late last year with the well-known drug kingpin Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman when he was on the run after escaping through a tunnel a Mexican maximum security prison.	The magazine made stunning news over the weekend by revealing that actor Sean Penn landed a rare interview last fall with the notorious drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman while Guzman was on the run after escaping through a tunnel from a maximum-security Mexican prison.
Global groups such as Amnesty International indicated that the Cuban government is not the US whose turn it is to act on its territory.	He blamed that notion on the NRA and like-minded groups that convince its members that "somebody's going to come grab your guns."
The ethics committee of FIFA sanctioned Platini and Blatter for eight years last month, to determine who committed unethical conduct related to a payment of two million Swiss francs (two million dollars) francs Blatter made secretly Platini 2011.	- A Guatemalan judge indicted in a probe of global soccer corruption must wear an electronic monitor and can't be more than 50 miles from the federal courthouse in Brooklyn, as part of a bail agreement set Thursday by a U.S. magistrate.
&quot;I can not have remorse for this story, because I fell over things without having done anything wrong,&quot; he said in an interview at a hotel in Nyon.	Later Friday, South Korea was to announce the results of its first round of investigations of samples collected from sea operations to see if radioactive elements leaked from the North's test, according to the Korea Institute of Nuclear Safety.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has appointed to lead the economy to a socialist youth, as part of a series of cabinet changes.	President Nicolas Maduro is doubling down on his existing economic policies with the appointment of a young leftist hardliner to head the country's cratering economy, setting the stage for confrontation between the ruling socialist party and the newly powerful opposition.
Governor Edmund G. Brown Jr. has declared a state of emergency at the request of residents and local officials, who do everything possible to stop the leak of this invisible gas, which many experts consider the greatest natural disaster in US . oil spill from the British Petroleum in the Gulf of Mexico.	California Governor Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency over a large Southern California gas leak in Los Angeles County, which has led to months of protests and the displacement of thousands of families.
Del Castillo has been married twice: the first with ex-footballer and sports commentator Luis Garcia, who later declared that separated for reasons of domestic violence, and the second with actor Aaron Diaz.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
Ex magazine writers like Greil Marcus and Jim DeRogatis have accused the editor Jann Wenner to allow data subjects interviewed improper or interfere with music criticism he considered too negative about artists he likes.	Describing the capture, Attorney General Arely Gomez said that investigators had been aided in locating Guzman by documented contacts between his attorneys and "actors and producers" she said were interested in making a film about him, though she did not name them.
The boss said he had not used drugs in 20 years and said on its use of violence, said: &quot;I never go looking trouble?&quot;.	When asked if he is to blame for high addiction rates, he responds: "No, that is false, because the day I don't exist, it's not going to decrease in any way at all. Drug trafficking? That's false."
&quot;I can not imagine the pain they suffered,&quot; he said of the families of the victims.	Obama took questions from Taya Kyle, whose late husband was depicted in the film "American Sniper," and Cleo Pendleton, whose daughter was shot and killed near Obama's Chicago home.
The bag for the Powerball jackpot has grown steadily from a starting point of $ 40 million on November 4.	It is being sued for tens of millions of dollars by the fraternity, former frat members and a university administrator.
The video shows the police car a stun gun in his hand and shouting &quot;I&#39;ll fire!&quot; Bland after refusing to leave his car.	Dashcam video shows the traffic stop quickly became confrontational, with Encinia holding a stun gun and yelling, "I will light you up!" after Bland refused to get out of her car.
Salas, as Maduro argues that rampant inflation and the deepening recession in the world are due to sabotage of the economy by the United States in collusion with local entrepreneurs.	Like Maduro, Salas says the country is suffering from the world's worst recession and triple-digit inflation because business interests are colluding with the U.S. to sabotage the economy.
Governor Edmund G. Brown Jr. has declared a state of emergency at the request of residents and local officials, who do everything possible to stop the leak of this invisible gas, which many experts consider the greatest natural disaster in US . oil spill from the British Petroleum in the Gulf of Mexico.	The leak at the Southern California Gas Company's Aliso Canyon storage field, which began on October 23, has steadily leaked 62 million cubic feet of methane into the air daily, according to an estimate by the Environmental Defense Fund.
Nearly 1.1 million people were registered as asylum seekers in Germany last year, including over 400,000 from Syria, the government said Wednesday.	North Korea claimed on Wednesday that it had successfully detonated a miniature hydrogen bomb, marking the country’s fourth known nuclear test.
The World Health Organization says it is likely that Zika virus, which is believed to cause fetal malformations, be extended to all countries in the Americas where the mosquito has been found.	Such an episode would come in the midst of a presidential election that has already been dominated by concerns over immigration and border security.
Many of those who applied were asked to prove their status as persecuted or activists, despite being part of the group for which the State Department itself negotiated with Cuba.	Separate statements from the White House said Obama and the two Asian leaders also agreed to countries "agreed to work together to forge a united and strong international response to North Korea's latest reckless behavior."
The boss said he had not used drugs in 20 years and said on its use of violence, said: &quot;I never go looking trouble?&quot;.	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
&quot;Dilma will have a month without major problems in Brasilia to present a plan to revive a faltering economy,&quot; said Claudio Couto, Brazilian research institute Fundacao Getulio Vargas.	When asked if he is to blame for high addiction rates, he responds: "No, that is false, because the day I don't exist, it's not going to decrease in any way at all. Drug trafficking? That's false."
Mexican authorities say the contacts that Sean Penn had with the drug trafficker boss Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman helped them track down the fugitive, even though he had escaped from an initial operation in the hideout where he had met with Hollywood actor.	Mexican officials say Sean Penn's contacts with drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman helped them track the fugitive down - even if he slipped away from an initial raid on the hideout where the Hollywood actor apparently met him.
Washington, which for decades made explicit his support for dissidents, now said he is also looking for a new policy of opening to the island to improve the living conditions of citizens in general by promoting trade and travel to the island and encouraging the Cuban government to improve telecommunications and information flow.	The White House has sought to portray the NRA, the nation's largest gun group, as possessing a disproportionate influence over lawmakers that has prevented new gun laws despite polls that show broad U.S. support for measures like universal background checks. 
The message sent by the new appointment and combative rhetoric of the Socialists since the inauguration of the new deputies could silence the voices of dialogists.	The new appointment and the socialists' combative stance since the new congress was seated Tuesday could silence opposition voices favoring dialogue.
Penn told her Elaborate security measures, but also noted that while traveling on October 2 flown to Mexico &quot;did not see eye spies, although I guess they were there.&quot;	Penn wrote of elaborate security precautions, but also said that as he flew to Mexico on Oct 2 for the meeting, "I see no spying eyes, but I assume they are there."
Since the election victory, the opposition coalition is divided between supporters of negotiating with the government and those who want to start the impeachment of the president.	Since its landmark victory, the opposition coalition has been split between those who favor negotiation with the government and those who want to start to remove Maduro from office.
On the couch in front of him was a M16 rifle, said the actor.	Penn wrote of elaborate security precautions, but also said that as he flew to Mexico on Oct 2 for the meeting, "I see no spying eyes, but I assume they are there."
Guzman was recaptured on Friday in the state of Sinaloa, on the Pacific coast of Mexico, after a shootout in which five of his bodyguards were killed and wounded a soldier of the Navy of Mexico.	Guzman was recaptured Friday in Mexico after a shootout that killed five of his associates and wounded one marine.
Most detainees are over 65 years of age, including retired Gen. Francisco Luis Gordillo and Division General Manuel Antonio Callejas Callejas, who were members of the military leadership in the 80&#39;s.	Guatemalan media broadcast images of the former officials in handcuffs, some of them crying and saying their work during the war only involved fighting guerrilla bands.
Professor at the Bolivarian University, created by the late President Hugo Chavez, Salas was relatively unknown, but its economic ideology is known from a lot of open letters and pamphlets.	Hundreds of pro-government people rallied in downtown Thursday morning to protest the opposition leadership's removal of portraits of Chavez from the gold-domed capitol building.
A grand jury indicted the policeman Brian Encinia the lesser charge, arguing that he lied about Sandra pulled Bland, 28, from his vehicle during transit stop in July.	Encinia is accused of lying about how he removed Bland from her vehicle.
The order also includes measures to protect public health and safety and also tighten monitoring of gas storage facilities.	Governor Brown’s proclamation calls for the gas company to stop the leak, protect public safety, ensure accountability and strengthen oversight of gas storage facilities.
It also raised questions about ethics and judgment, especially with regard to whether Penn had to meet secretly with one of the most wanted fugitives, whether the actor crossed the line by allowing Guzman approve the article before it was published, and if Penn he trivialized the bloody past of &quot;El Chapo&quot; by asking questions like &quot;Do you have a dream?&quot; and &quot;if I could change the world, would you?&quot;.	Penn's article on Guzman was published late Saturday by Rolling Stone magazine, a day after Mexican marines captured the world's most wanted kingpin in a raid on the city of Los Mochis near the Gulf of California.
Penn said it received credible information that the DEA, US Drug Enforcement Agency, kept track of the actors, since the raids intensified after their first meeting.	A Mexican federal law enforcement official, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not permitted to comment on the issue, told the Associated Press the Penn interview led authorities to Guzman in the area of Tamazula, a rural part of Durango state.
Of the 53 prisoners, at least 35 began proceedings to obtain refugee status in the US Embassy, ​​which would allow them to live permanently in the neighboring country.	The Shanghai Composite Index on Thursday tumbled 7 percent in 30 minutes before trading was suspended.
Nearly 1.1 million people were registered as asylum seekers in Germany last year, including over 400,000 from Syria, the government said Wednesday.	Nearly 1.1 million people were registered as asylum-seekers in Germany last year, more than 400,000 of them from Syria, the government said Wednesday.
Around 4 am Friday, members of the Mexican Navy took the house by assault, according to government officials that was under surveillance for weeks.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
Exactly one year ago the Cuban government began to release 53 prisoners from a list by President Barack Obama had interceded in the context of the restoration of relations between Cuba and the United States.	A major breakthrough in the Cuba-based talks came in September when negotiators announced a framework for rebels who confess their crimes to avoid jail time and instead serve out sentences helping war-torn rural communities rebuild.
South Korea&#39;s Yonhap news agency reported that the military fronts deployed near the 11 sites where the speakers began throwing messages against North Korea at noon (0300 GMT) were under the highest level of alert.	South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported that frontline troops, near 11 sites where propaganda loudspeakers started blaring messages at noon (0300 GMT), were on highest alert.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has emphasized the importance of diplomacy and make other European countries to share the burden, but his conservative allies in Bavaria propose setting a limit on the number of refugees that the country can accept.	"This is where Merkel's irresponsible immigration policy will lead us," declared Thorsten Craemer of the far-right fringe party ProNRW, which staged a small rally in front of Cologne's main train station, the site of the attacks.
The new vice president of economics Luis Salas, 39, has little experience of government, but promotes theories of price controls and changes governing the Venezuelan economic policy for 17 years.	Luis Salas, the new 39-year-old vice president for the economy, has scant administrative experience, but champions the same theories of price and currency controls that have defined Venezuela's leftist economic policy for 17 years.
The actress was contacted by people from Guzman after she sent messages through his Twitter account in 2012 in which he mentioned.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
Oscar Ray Bolin, a former carnival worker who was sentenced for killing three women in the Tampa Bay area and after the trial married a member of his defense was executed in Florida on Thursday.	Obama took questions from Taya Kyle, whose late husband was depicted in the film "American Sniper," and Cleo Pendleton, whose daughter was shot and killed near Obama's Chicago home.
Guzman had apparently fled the house through the sewer system and emerged several blocks away, where he boarded a vehicle and continued his flight until the authorities finally tracked him down.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
Professor at the Bolivarian University, created by the late President Hugo Chavez, Salas was relatively unknown, but its economic ideology is known from a lot of open letters and pamphlets.	A professor at the Bolivarian University, an institution created by the late president Hugo Chavez, Salas was relatively unknown before this week. 
Exactly one year ago the Cuban government began to release 53 prisoners from a list by President Barack Obama had interceded in the context of the restoration of relations between Cuba and the United States.	Ahead of the town hall, Obama put political candidates on notice that he would refuse to support or campaign for anyone who "does not support common-sense gun reform" - including Democrats.
Prosecutors say Guzman is responsible for hundreds of murders and inciting violence in Mexican cities with the United States as Ciudad Juarez, which borders El Paso, Texas, in their struggle to control drug trafficking routes.	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
A video recording from the console Patrol agent shows that the traffic stop soon became a confrontation.	Dashcam video shows the traffic stop quickly became confrontational, with Encinia holding a stun gun and yelling, "I will light you up!" after Bland refused to get out of her car.
The service film and video debuted online in 130 countries Wednesday in a surprise move likely it paid millions of new subscribers.	The Internet video service debuted in 130 countries Wednesday in a surprise move likely to reel in millions of new subscribers.
He added that prices will not increase due to scarcity but &quot;relations through which it occurs, as in the case of capitalist economies are mediated by the profit motive individually through the exploitation of other: selfishness&quot; .	He added that prices go up not because of scarcity, but because of "capitalist economies that are driven by the desire for personal gain through the exploitation of others; by selfishness."
Seven have already left or are about to Cuba in the coming weeks, reducing the ranks of the weak and fragmented internal opposition movement.	NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam said beforehand that the group saw "no reason to participate in a public relations spectacle orchestrated by the White House."
Penn&#39;s encounter with Guzman was organized by the Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, known for his role as leader of drug trafficking in the series &quot;La Reina del Sur&quot;.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Writing for Rolling Stone, Penn admitted that Guzman was given the benefit of adopting article before publication (Guzman did not request changes, according to the actor), which represents a violation of the general rules of journalistic integrity.	Writing for Rolling Stone, Penn acknowledged that Guzman was granted prior approval over the article (Guzman requested no changes, according to the actor), a violation of the commonly held rules of journalistic integrity.
The practice of prior approval discredits the whole story, whether the subject requested changes or not, &quot;said Andrew Seaman, chairman of the ethics committee of the Society of Professional Journalists, through a blog post titled&quot; Rolling Stone Gathers No accolades &quot;(Rolling Stone does not receive praise).	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Michel Platini resigned his desire to become the next president of FIFA.	Paraguayan authorities raided the headquarters of the South American soccer confederation Thursday in connection to the sprawling FIFA probe being led by U.S. and Swiss prosecutors.
In mid-December, even Obama said that a future assessment of the situation of human rights on the island would be crucial to know whether he would visit Cuba this 2016, in what would be the first trip by a US president since the triumph revolution five decades ago.	In a prime-time, televised town hall meeting, Obama dismissed what he called a "conspiracy" alleging that the federal government - and Obama in particular - wants to seize all firearms as a precursor to imposing martial law. 
About two dozen protesters attended the press conference Wednesday that the indictment against the officer announced.	California Governor Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency over a large Southern California gas leak in Los Angeles County, which has led to months of protests and the displacement of thousands of families.
Netflix Inc. began the year with 70 million subscribers, and its executives had promised to spend about 5,000 million dollars in the year to obtain distribution rights studies worldwide.	Increasingly, Netflix has been buying material that only can be seen on its service, with more than 600 hours of original programming lined up for this year.
In another sign of its commitment to the existing policy, he created a new ministry of urban agriculture and announced that he and first lady Cilia Flores would be devoted to that activity.	And he created a new urban agriculture ministry and announced that he and first lady Cilia Flores had taken up urban farming themselves.
Netflix has presented a formula that has proven to be addictive and service has transformed the entertainment industry by allowing people to see all the material you want when you want on a screen connected to the internet.	Netflix has come up with a formula that has proven addictive as its service has transformed the entertainment industry by allowing people to watch video anytime they want on an Internet-connected device.
These warrants are not even extradition, but the beginning of a process towards a possible extradition.	Earlier Saturday, a federal law enforcement official said that Mexico is willing to extradite Guzman to the United States - a move authorities had ruled out before his July escape.
&quot;Mr. Chapo, would not be father to begin to deal with good?&quot; Then wrote Del Castillo. Bonnet contact her again after his arrest in February 2014, when &quot;the gringos fought to tell his story,&quot; Penn wrote in the article.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
The order also includes measures to protect public health and safety and also tighten monitoring of gas storage facilities.	The proclamation also states that the California Public Utilities Commission will make sure SoCal Gas covers costs related to both the leak and its response, while protecting the company's own ratepayers.
It occupies a corner of a busy four-lane avenue in a neighborhood where politicians also inhabit the Mexican city of Los Mochis.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
A few days after the interview, elements of the Mexican Navy launched an operation to capture him, but Attorney General Arely Gomez said Friday that at that time &quot;El Chapo&quot; was accompanied by two women and a girl, so it was decided not open fire to avoid hurting them.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
In total, 1,091,894 migrants were recorded between January and December 2015, according to data published by the Ministry of the Interior.	Syrians were by far the biggest single group, accounting for 428,468 people.
Castillo had written a public message to Guzman in 2012 from his Twitter account in which he asked the boss who &quot;traffics with good&quot;.	There was no immediate response from representatives for either Penn or del Castillo to the Mexican official's comments.
Daughter of actor Eric del Castillo, one of the highlights of the so-called Golden Age of Mexican cinema, Kate del Castillo was born on October 23, 1972 in Mexico City.	They raided Guzman's remote hideout a few days after the interview and narrowly missed capturing Guzman, whose July escape from Mexico's top security prison - though a mile-long (1.5-kilometer) tunnel - had embarrassed President Enrique Pena Nieto and made his capture a national priority.
Earlier on Saturday, a Mexican police official said Mexico is willing to extradite Guzman United States, as the authorities had ruled before the chief drug trafficker escaped in July.	According to a statement from the Mexican Attorney General's office, the U.S. filed extradition requests June 25, while Guzman was in custody, and another Sep. 3, after he escaped.
Because of the incident, more than 2,000 families were relocated temporarily (due to potential health problems), schools have been closed and has been closed airspace until March, the month in which it is expected that the leak is repaired.	The gas company had already paid for housing for more than 2,000 other households, according to the Los Angeles Times.
While Netflix is ​​practically available worldwide, not all content can be seen everywhere.	For instance, a prized licensing contract that gives Netflix the rights to Walt Disney films after their theatrical release will be limited to the U.S. and Canada as part of a deal negotiated several years ago.
According to the prosecution, Ovalle would be linked to forced disappearances, human rights violations that occurred in the context of the war, especially in the military post located in Coban, Alta Verapaz, north of the country, where was stationed.	Guatemalan officials say a prison riot in the eastern state of Izabal has left eight inmates dead.
Sean Penn accredited Mexican actress having arranged a secret meeting between the actor and the most famous drug lord, which resulted in an exclusive interview published by Rolling Stone.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Platini said he will continue his appeal the punishment, but said the deadline for the elections of February 26 is very short and impossible his candidacy.	South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported that frontline troops, near 11 sites where propaganda loudspeakers started blaring messages at noon (0300 GMT), were on highest alert. 
Benedict was the last pope to visit Mexico in March 2012.	Penn's article on Guzman was published late Saturday by Rolling Stone magazine, a day after Mexican marines captured the world's most wanted kingpin in a raid on the city of Los Mochis near the Gulf of California.
&quot;Drug trafficking does not depend on one person. It depends on many people,&quot; said Guzman.	When asked if he is to blame for high addiction rates, he responds: "No, that is false, because the day I don't exist, it's not going to decrease in any way at all. Drug trafficking? That's false."
Three other tickets won two million dollars because they paid extra to multiply smaller prizes.	Guzman was recaptured Friday in Mexico after a shootout that killed five of his associates and wounded one marine.
In total, 1,091,894 migrants were recorded between January and December 2015, according to data published by the Ministry of the Interior.	That euphoria has given way to the realization that integrating the nearly 1.1 million people who came to Germany last year will be a long and difficult task, even as many Germans have been heartened by Merkel's mantra, "We can do this."
According to the magazine, communication between Del Castillo and El Chapo began in 2014, two years after the long letter that the actress tweeted, and earned him some criticism from some of his followers to do an alleged capo apology.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Penn has also talked with US foreign critics such as Fidel Castro and the late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez.	Penn's article on Guzman was published late Saturday by Rolling Stone magazine, a day after Mexican marines captured the world's most wanted kingpin in a raid on the city of Los Mochis near the Gulf of California.
One of the most important roles of Del Castillo has been to Teresa Mendoza, leader of a drug cartel, in the television series based on the book of Spanish Arturo Perez-Reverte, &quot;La Reina del Sur&quot;.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
When asked if their activities affect Mexico, he said, &quot;at all&quot;.	They raided Guzman's remote hideout a few days after the interview and narrowly missed capturing Guzman, whose July escape from Mexico's top security prison - though a mile-long (1.5-kilometer) tunnel - had embarrassed President Enrique Pena Nieto and made his capture a national priority.
When asked if their activities affect Mexico, he said, &quot;at all&quot;.	When asked if he is to blame for high addiction rates, he responds: "No, that is false, because the day I don't exist, it's not going to decrease in any way at all. Drug trafficking? That's false."
Chancellor Angela Merkel has emphasized the importance of diplomacy and make other European countries to share the burden, but his conservative allies in Bavaria propose setting a limit on the number of refugees that the country can accept.	Merkel played down the differences as she arrived at an Alpine retreat of Seehofer's Christian Social Union, insisting that her party and his have much more in common than they have divisions.
Kerry told reporters in Washington on Thursday had a telephone conversation with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, adding that Beijing&#39;s approach toward Pyongyang had failed.	The hydrogen bomb already is the global standard for the five nations with the greatest nuclear capabilities: the U.S., Russia, France, Britain and China.
Prosecutors say Guzman is responsible for hundreds of murders and inciting violence in Mexican cities with the United States as Ciudad Juarez, which borders El Paso, Texas, in their struggle to control drug trafficking routes.	According to a statement from the Mexican Attorney General's office, the U.S. filed extradition requests June 25, while Guzman was in custody, and another Sep. 3, after he escaped.
In some cases the answer for them was delayed due to criminal background checks to be performed by the embassy dissidents, sometimes they do not have to do with political activities.	Angel Yunier Remon, a rapper from the eastern province of Granma, said he also was denied refugee status despite being named by the State Department several times as a victim of political repression before he was freed in January 2015.
Maduro appointed other hardliners of the regime to senior positions as part of broad changes in the cabinet, he says, they are necessary to protect the revolution in a new political era.	The court, which has never ruled against the executive branch, had barred the inauguration of the three lawmakers as authorities investigate allegations of voter fraud.
Penn got the first interview with Guzman in early October, while the world&#39;s most wanted drug lord was still at large after having escaped in July from a Mexican maximum security prison through a tunnel complex.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
CEO Reed Hastings revealed the extent of the expansion of Netflix at the end of a presentation at CES in Las Vegas, one of the main events of the year in the technology industry.	CEO Reed Hastings revealed the scope of Netflix's expansion at the end of a presentation in Las Vegas at CES, one of the technology industry's marquee events.
The US administration is convinced that North Korea has conducted a nuclear test, but it remains to determine the details of the test.	The US is confident that North Korea had tested a nuclear bomb, but it wants to get as much data as possible on the details of the event, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said.
Of the 53 prisoners, at least 35 began proceedings to obtain refugee status in the US Embassy, ​​which would allow them to live permanently in the neighboring country.	U.S. government information and an Associated Press assessment of the dissidents' lives 12 months after their release shows that at least 35 have asked for refugee status allowing them to move permanently to the U.S., reducing the ranks of an already weak and divided opposition movement.
Guzman was recaptured on Friday in the state of Sinaloa, on the Pacific coast of Mexico, after a shootout in which five of his bodyguards were killed and wounded a soldier of the Navy of Mexico.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
At its first meeting, Penn asked Guzman a formal interview that a week be held later, but under pressure from the federal forces, Guzman recorded instead his response to questions from Penn in a video and sent it to Kate del Castillo .	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Asylum applications have been lagging behind arrivals.	At least 106 women have come forward to file criminal complaints of sexual assault and robbery during the New Year's Eve festivities, authorities said, including two accounts of rape.
Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman apparently sought an ally of the entertainment industry to help him be immortalize on film and appealed to the actress 43 years.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Guzman&#39;s lawyer, Juan Pablo Badillo, told the Milenio newspaper that the defense has already filed six motions against extradition requests.	U.S. government information and an Associated Press assessment of the dissidents' lives 12 months after their release shows that at least 35 have asked for refugee status allowing them to move permanently to the U.S., reducing the ranks of an already weak and divided opposition movement.
&quot;The writer, who in this case is an actor and activist, he could have written the story in a more favorable light and omit unflattering facts in an attempt to not be rejected.&quot;	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
&quot;The pope does not claim to come to solve problems. Mexico, like every country, has immense wealth and beauty, but there are problems is normal as any country,&quot; Pierre said at a news conference.	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
Fraternity, former members of the Commission and university administrator sued for tens of millions of dollars to the publication.	Penn's article on Guzman was published late Saturday by Rolling Stone magazine, a day after Mexican marines captured the world's most wanted kingpin in a raid on the city of Los Mochis near the Gulf of California.
The pope will be in the capital of Mexico and in three more states in early February.	A Mexican federal law enforcement official, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not permitted to comment on the issue, told the Associated Press the Penn interview led authorities to Guzman in the area of Tamazula, a rural part of Durango state.
&quot;We think the level of refugees and asylum seekers who have arrived in Germany is too high and we are working for that not to be repeated on this scale in 2016,&quot; said de Maiziere.	Amid widespread shock over a string of sexual assaults in this cosmopolitan German city on New Year's Eve, the response was divided Wednesday: blame the police or chide the victims, deport criminal foreigners or prevent migrants from entering the country in the first place.
Twenty of the 53 preferred to stay on the island, either because left to political activism or remain internal opponents.	Cuban officials did not respond to requests for comment on how the freed dissidents are faring.
Penn&#39;s article was published nine months after Rolling Stone recanted his discredited story about a gang rape at a party of a fraternity at the University of Virginia.	Penn's story ran nine months after Rolling Stone retracted its discredited story about a gang rape at a fraternity party at the University of Virginia. 
A spokesman for Rolling Stone did not immediately return requests for comment from The Associated Press.	A Rolling Stone spokeswoman did not immediately return requests for comment.
Guzman wins millions of dollars transporting tons of cocaine and manufacturing and transporting methamphetamine and heroin to markets worldwide, of which the largest is in the United States.	When asked if he is to blame for high addiction rates, he responds: "No, that is false, because the day I don't exist, it's not going to decrease in any way at all. Drug trafficking? That's false."
Privately, US officials expressed concern about the lack of interest of Cuba in a change of policy and criticize for example the decision of the government of the island to prevent thousands of medical specialists leave the country without special permission.	The plan has drawn intense criticism from gun rights groups that have accused the president of trampling on the Second Amendment and railroading Congress by taking action on his own without new laws.
&quot;It is the legitimate right of a sovereign state and a just action that no one can criticize,&quot; Kim said during his tour of the Ministry of the People&#39;s Armed Forces, according to the press.	"Allowing any source control over a story's content is inexcusable. The practice of pre-approval discredits the entire story - whether the subject requests changes or not," Andrew Seaman, chairman of the ethics committee of the Society of Professional Journalists, said in a blog post titled "Rolling Stone Gathers No Accolades."
&quot;We want to abandon any nuclear activity and comply with international commitments and obligations. Until they do not achieve prosperity and security they want. They will live in isolation,&quot; he said.	Ministry officials refused to elaborate about what U.S. military assets were under consideration, but they likely refer to B-52 bombers, F-22 stealth fighters and nuclear-powered submarines.
In the interview published on Saturday night, Guzman said he entered the drug business at 15 years old because there was no other way to survive.	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
The interview, conducted in the remote village of Tamazula in the mountains of the neighboring state of Durango, allowed Mexican authorities to track down the drug trafficker revealed on Saturday told The Associated Press a federal official.	Describing the capture, Attorney General Arely Gomez said that investigators had been aided in locating Guzman by documented contacts between his attorneys and "actors and producers" she said were interested in making a film about him, though she did not name them.
&quot;The interviews (with detainees) showed that these families had real asylum cases but were not given a genuine opportunity to present their hearings in immigration court,&quot; said Katie Shepherd, a lawyer who heads the coalition.	The suspects face charges of crimes against humanity involving massacres and disappearances of people by security forces under their command.
In the text, Penn describes a complex travel itinerary with private jets and a tour of seven hours through mountainous jungle in a convoy of two trucks.	Penn wrote of elaborate security precautions, but also said that as he flew to Mexico on Oct 2 for the meeting, "I see no spying eyes, but I assume they are there."
The shortage of commodities and inflation are the main concern of Venezuelans, many of whom spend hours each week to queue for increasing economic opportunities away from their property.	Along with shortages, inflation has become the No. 1 concern among Venezuelan voters, many of whom spend hours each week waiting in line for goods that are increasingly impossible to afford.
Also producer and activist for animal rights group PETA of Latino, Del Castillo recently participated in an episode of &quot;Hot &amp; Bothered&quot; a television series starring Eva Longoria.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
The Powerball is played in 44 states and the District of Columbia, the US Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.	In 2002, as the U.S. was threatening war against Saddam Hussein's Iraq, Penn visited the country and met with senior officials. He has also spoken with such foreign critics of the U.S. as Fidel Castro and Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez.
North Korea said in a media statement have carried out a successful test of a hydrogen bomb in a polygon in the north of the country.	North Korea claimed on Wednesday that it had successfully detonated a miniature hydrogen bomb, marking the country’s fourth known nuclear test.
Matthews, 26, was abducted from a post office in Pasco County north of Tampa.	Obama took questions from Taya Kyle, whose late husband was depicted in the film "American Sniper," and Cleo Pendleton, whose daughter was shot and killed near Obama's Chicago home.
Writing for Rolling Stone, Penn admitted that Guzman was given the benefit of adopting article before publication (Guzman did not request changes, according to the actor), which represents a violation of the general rules of journalistic integrity.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Fear gained ground after immigration authorities detain 121 immigrants without authorization, most parents and children, during an operation on Saturday and Sunday in Georgia, Texas and North Carolina.	Children in the shelters, most of them between ages 14 and 17, stay an average of 32 days.
&quot;Now China had a particular approach he wanted to do, and we agreed and we gave them space so that they could implement it, but today, in my conversation with China made it very clear that has not worked and we can not continue business as usual&quot; Kerry said.	The hydrogen bomb already is the global standard for the five nations with the greatest nuclear capabilities: the U.S., Russia, France, Britain and China.
For Washington, the release was a sign of how changing its strategy towards the Caribbean nation yielding fruit.	Obama says he could make the first visit by a sitting U.S. president to post-revolutionary Cuba as early as this spring if he thinks human rights on the island are improving and a presidential trip will help.
Twenty of the 53 preferred to stay on the island, either because left to political activism or remain internal opponents.	When South Korea briefly resumed propaganda broadcasts in August after an 11-year break, Seoul says the two Koreas exchanged artillery fire, followed by threats of war.
Among dissent views on the binational thaw shown divided: some argue that the United States is focused on diplomatic and economic relations rather than betting on an improvement in human rights.	A number of Cuban activists say the new U.S. policy of engagement focuses on diplomatic and economic ties instead of improving human rights.
Every day layoff announcements occur from sugar mills to steel companies. Even retail giant Wal-Mart, one of the largest supermarket chains in Brazil, said it would close 30 stores in January.	"The writer, who in this case is an actor and activist, may write the story in a more favorable light and omit unflattering facts in an attempt to not to be rejected."
Yonhap reported that Seoul has deployed missiles, artillery and other weapons systems near the border to respond the fastest way to any North Korean provocation.	Yonhap said Seoul had deployed missiles, artillery and other weapons systems near the border to swiftly deal with any possible North Korean provocation.
President Juan Manuel Santos on Thursday defended the agreement transitional justice that his government agreed with the FARC, in a meeting in which he discussed with his staff what apparently is the final stretch of the peace process with the guerrilla group.	President Barack Obama will host his counterpart from Colombia in February to stand with his staunchest ally in South America as peace talks with leftist rebels enter a critical phase that may require additional U.S. support.
Guatemalan prosecutors asked to be removed immunity senior advisor of President-elect Jimmy Morales, being related to human rights violations during the war in the country between 1960 and 1996.	Prosecutors also moved to have the immunity of office lifted for Edgar Justino Ovalle, a member and co-founder of the party of Morales, who is scheduled to be inaugurated as president next week.
Since she was immersed in the world of film, theater and television, but his first success came in 1991 with the telenovela &quot;Muchachitas&quot; which gave life to one of four girlfriends eager to become famous and find love.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
Former Juventus midfielder and the French team not openly endorsed the UEFA general secretary, Gianni Infantino, one of the candidates and who has the backing of the European body.	A statement from the Public Ministry said investigators were combing the headquarters in search of documents or information on computer hard drives related to the FIFA case.
Forensic Anthropology Foundation of Guatemala has recovered the remains of 534 people were buried there after being killed by soldiers, including indigenous children from ethnic Achi, pocomchí, indigenous Queqchí, kiché and Ladino.	Government security forces have been blamed for the vast majority of the 245,000 killings and disappearances during the conflict.
In an interview with Rolling Stone magazine with actor Sean Penn, the newly recaptured Mexican kingpin Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman drug showed no remorse for directing one of the largest drug trafficking networks in the world.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Matthews&#39;s mother, Kathleen Reeves, and the Collins family were present at the execution.	Obama took questions from Taya Kyle, whose late husband was depicted in the film "American Sniper," and Cleo Pendleton, whose daughter was shot and killed near Obama's Chicago home.
Some observers believed that Maduro would initiate some economic reforms after the opposition won a national election for the first time in more than a decade, which set the stage for a political showdown unprecedented.	Disbelief at the president's choice for a new economic czar echoed in opposition circles Wednesday night, with some speculating Maduro might be trying to drive the economy into the ground.
Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in filmed a movie about his life and wanted to participate in the project Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who has played a drug dealer in a television series.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
During his visit, Pope Francis will visit the states of Chiapas (south), Michoacán (west) and Chihuahua (north), where he is scheduled to visit a prison, among other activities.	A Mexican federal law enforcement official, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not permitted to comment on the issue, told the Associated Press the Penn interview led authorities to Guzman in the area of Tamazula, a rural part of Durango state.
French 60 was not allowed to bypass the appeals process FIFA, so you can only go to CAS once the case is attended by the appeals committee of the body.	There was no immediate reaction by the North, but its response could be especially harsh because of the high emotions surrounding the likely birthday of Kim, who is believed to be in his early 30s. North Korean military forces often compete to show their loyalty to the leader. 
August transmissions, which began after Seoul blamed Pyongyang landmine mutilating two South Korean soldiers, stopped only after the rival nations agreed a series of measures to ease tensions.	South Korean and U.S. military leaders also discussed the deployment of U.S. "strategic assets" in the wake of the North's test, Seoul's Defense Ministry said.
Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in filmed a movie about his life and wanted to participate in the project Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who has played a drug dealer in a television series.	After the opposition swept Dec. 6 legislative elections, Salas wrote an open letter in which he attacked as "pragmatists" those people within the socialist camp who were floating the possibility of a currency devaluation, a move that outside economists agree is a necessary first step for righting the economy.
&quot;I know one day I will die,&quot; he said in the interview.	Five people died in a gun battle as troops moved in.
a spokesman for the state agency responsible for issuing these documents about three thousand requests for special driver&#39;s licenses for unauthorized immigrants in California were pending at the end of 2015, he said on Wednesday.	California Governor Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency over a large Southern California gas leak in Los Angeles County, which has led to months of protests and the displacement of thousands of families.
Germany welcomed more refugees and migrants from other causes than any other European country.	Germany was one of the few European countries to welcome the influx of refugees last year.
Seven have already left or are about to Cuba in the coming weeks, reducing the ranks of the weak and fragmented internal opposition movement.	Seven have either left Cuba for or are preparing to leave this month.
Vice Admiral US Navy, Joseph Aucoin, commander of the 7th Fleet based in Yokosuka, Japan, said that the Navy is closely watching North Korea after its fourth nuclear test.	The broadcasts include popular Korean pop songs, world news and weather forecasts as well as criticism of the North's nuclear test, its troubled economy and dire human rights conditions, according to Seoul's Defense Ministry. Included are songs by a young female singer, IU, whose sweet, girlish voice might be aimed at North Korean soldiers deployed near the border.
The magazine news turned the weekend by revealing that the American actor Sean Penn got a rare interview late last year with the well-known drug kingpin Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman when he was on the run after escaping through a tunnel a Mexican maximum security prison.	They raided Guzman's remote hideout a few days after the interview and narrowly missed capturing Guzman, whose July escape from Mexico's top security prison - though a mile-long (1.5-kilometer) tunnel - had embarrassed President Enrique Pena Nieto and made his capture a national priority.
Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in filmed a movie about his life and wanted to participate in the project Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who has played a drug dealer in a television series.	Describing the capture, Attorney General Arely Gomez said that investigators had been aided in locating Guzman by documented contacts between his attorneys and "actors and producers" she said were interested in making a film about him, though she did not name them.
&quot;We want to abandon any nuclear activity and comply with international commitments and obligations. Until they do not achieve prosperity and security they want. They will live in isolation,&quot; he said.	It may take weeks or longer to confirm or refute the North's claim that it successfully tested a hydrogen bomb, which would mark a major and unanticipated advance for its still-limited nuclear arsenal.
Professor at the Bolivarian University, created by the late President Hugo Chavez, Salas was relatively unknown, but its economic ideology is known from a lot of open letters and pamphlets.	At the rally Thursday outside the National Assembly in Plaza Bolivar, hundreds of government supporters dressed in red swore loyalty to Chavez and Bolivar. 
Chancellor Angela Merkel has emphasized the importance of diplomacy and make other European countries to share the burden, but his conservative allies in Bavaria propose setting a limit on the number of refugees that the country can accept.	Police descriptions of the perpetrators as of "Arab or North African origin" were seized on by those calling for an end to Chancellor Angela Merkel's open-door policy toward people fleeing violence and persecution - even as authorities warned they don't know if any of the culprits are refugees.
Rosalie Bolin maintained that her husband was innocent of the death of Matthews, and has been one of the most outspoken opponents of the death penalty in the state since she married Bolin.	Obama's actions on guns have drawn major attention in the presidential campaign, with the Democratic candidates backing Obama and the Republicans unanimously voicing opposition.
His credits also include the films &quot;Bordertown&quot; (2006) on the murder of women in the border between Ciudad Juarez and El Paso, Texas, and &quot;Trade&quot; (2007), a drama about human trafficking.	Describing the capture, Attorney General Arely Gomez said that investigators had been aided in locating Guzman by documented contacts between his attorneys and "actors and producers" she said were interested in making a film about him, though she did not name them.
In opposition circles disbelief was raging Wednesday night against the appointment of the new head of the economy, and some speculated that Maduro wants to destroy the economy.	Socialist supporters have supported appointment of the new economic czar.
Cuban officials did not respond to requests for comment on the issue.	Later Friday, South Korea was to announce the results of its first round of investigations of samples collected from sea operations to see if radioactive elements leaked from the North's test, according to the Korea Institute of Nuclear Safety.
Lopez Valdez said Saturday he was surprised Guzman recapturing happened in Los Mochis, a city of some 250,000 people near the Gulf of California.	They raided Guzman's remote hideout a few days after the interview and narrowly missed capturing Guzman, whose July escape from Mexico's top security prison - though a mile-long (1.5-kilometer) tunnel - had embarrassed President Enrique Pena Nieto and made his capture a national priority.
In some cases the answer for them was delayed due to criminal background checks to be performed by the embassy dissidents, sometimes they do not have to do with political activities.	The broadcasts will draw a furious response from North Korea, which considers them an act of psychological warfare. 
From Atlanta to Los Angeles, it increased fear among Hispanics without authorization to live in the United States following raids over the weekend, according to activists and Latino immigrants who believe they could be arrested.	The federal government is trying to avoid a repeat of the summer of 2014, when so many children crossed the border into the U.S. from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador that they were forced to stay in Border Patrol facilities, which aren't designed to house children.
It also raised questions about ethics and judgment, especially with regard to whether Penn had to meet secretly with one of the most wanted fugitives, whether the actor crossed the line by allowing Guzman approve the article before it was published, and if Penn he trivialized the bloody past of &quot;El Chapo&quot; by asking questions like &quot;Do you have a dream?&quot; and &quot;if I could change the world, would you?&quot;.	It also raised questions of ethics and judgment, namely whether Penn should have met secretly with one of the world's most-wanted fugitives, whether the actor crossed the line by giving Guzman approval over the article before it was published, and whether Penn trivialized El Chapo's murderous past by asking him such questions as "Do you have any dreams?" and "If you could change the world, would you?"
Ex magazine writers like Greil Marcus and Jim DeRogatis have accused the editor Jann Wenner to allow data subjects interviewed improper or interfere with music criticism he considered too negative about artists he likes.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Kate del Castillo, the star of the telenovela &quot;La Reina del Sur&quot; has played in film and television to powerful drug in the world of women, it has been linked to the real world of drug lords.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
Five gunmen were killed and six others were arrested.	Five people died in a gun battle as troops moved in.
Apparently the authorities lost track, but then placed him in a house in the city of Los Mochis who was guarded one month before the take by assault sailors on Friday.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
Twenty of the 53 preferred to stay on the island, either because left to political activism or remain internal opponents.	"There's a very serious concern in this country about personal security," he added.
Netflix Inc. began the year with 70 million subscribers, and its executives had promised to spend about 5,000 million dollars in the year to obtain distribution rights studies worldwide.	Netflix's success has emboldened rivals such as Amazon.com and Hulu to spend more on their own video, triggering bidding battles for digital programming rights.
At its first meeting, Penn asked Guzman a formal interview that a week be held later, but under pressure from the federal forces, Guzman recorded instead his response to questions from Penn in a video and sent it to Kate del Castillo .	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
Nearly 1.1 million people were registered as asylum seekers in Germany last year, including over 400,000 from Syria, the government said Wednesday.	According to the U.S. Border Patrol, 10,588 unaccompanied children crossed the U.S.-Mexico border in October and November, more than double the 5,129 who crossed during the same two months last year. 
The mother of the governor of Sinaloa, Mario López Valdez, has a house two blocks away, with 24-hour police presence.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
The boss said he had not used drugs in 20 years and said on its use of violence, said: &quot;I never go looking trouble?&quot;.	They raided Guzman's remote hideout a few days after the interview and narrowly missed capturing Guzman, whose July escape from Mexico's top security prison - though a mile-long (1.5-kilometer) tunnel - had embarrassed President Enrique Pena Nieto and made his capture a national priority.
When the opposition won by a large majority the legislative elections of December 6, Salas in an open letter attacked the &quot;pragmatists&quot; of the socialist camp mentioning the possibility of a devaluation, as economists outside as a necessary first step stabilize the economy.	Since its landmark victory, the opposition coalition has been split between those who favor negotiation with the government and those who want to start to remove Maduro from office. 
The message sent by the new appointment and combative rhetoric of the Socialists since the inauguration of the new deputies could silence the voices of dialogists.	Hundreds of pro-government people rallied in downtown Thursday morning to protest the opposition leadership's removal of portraits of Chavez from the gold-domed capitol building.
&quot;Drug trafficking does not depend on one person. It depends on many people,&quot; said Guzman.	Mexican officials say Sean Penn's contacts with drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman helped them track the fugitive down - even if he slipped away from an initial raid on the hideout where the Hollywood actor apparently met him.
The magazine news turned the weekend by revealing that the American actor Sean Penn got a rare interview late last year with the well-known drug kingpin Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman when he was on the run after escaping through a tunnel a Mexican maximum security prison.	Mexican officials say Sean Penn's contacts with drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman helped them track the fugitive down - even if he slipped away from an initial raid on the hideout where the Hollywood actor apparently met him.
A powerful bomber B-52 flew low Sunday over South Korea in a clear show of force of Washington at a time when a crisis deepens in the style of the Cold War between its ally Seoul and North Korea after the fourth nuclear test Pyongyang.	In 2002, as the U.S. was threatening war against Saddam Hussein's Iraq, Penn visited the country and met with senior officials. He has also spoken with such foreign critics of the U.S. as Fidel Castro and Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez.
Penn&#39;s article was published nine months after Rolling Stone recanted his discredited story about a gang rape at a party of a fraternity at the University of Virginia.	Penn's article on Guzman was published late Saturday by Rolling Stone magazine, a day after Mexican marines captured the world's most wanted kingpin in a raid on the city of Los Mochis near the Gulf of California.
The prosecution confirmed that at least 13 other soldiers were arrested in the same case, including General Benedicto Lucas Garcia, brother and former Chief of Staff of the late former President Romeo Lucas Garcia (1978- 1982).	Among the 14 people detained was Benedicto Lucas Garcia, a former army commander credited with founding paramilitary groups during the 1960-1996 conflict.
The long and sometimes rambling essay Penn, which received extensive media ridicule in social networking, Guzman comments included everything from his childhood to his reflections on the drug trade.	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
&quot;The nuclear test North Korea constitutes a flagrant violation of its international obligations,&quot; he added.	"Allowing any source control over a story's content is inexcusable. The practice of pre-approval discredits the entire story - whether the subject requests changes or not," Andrew Seaman, chairman of the ethics committee of the Society of Professional Journalists, said in a blog post titled "Rolling Stone Gathers No Accolades."
However, some nearby combinations allowed some rich people do anyway: 25 tickets won a million dollars, as agreed five of the numbers.	Penn, an Oscar-winning actor who played a drug dealer in the 1985 movie "The Falcon and the Snowman," has had news-making encounters in other countries.
In some cases the answer for them was delayed due to criminal background checks to be performed by the embassy dissidents, sometimes they do not have to do with political activities.	Many applications have been delayed by vetting of the dissidents' criminal records, some of which have little to do with political activity.
Washington, which for decades made explicit his support for dissidents, now said he is also looking for a new policy of opening to the island to improve the living conditions of citizens in general by promoting trade and travel to the island and encouraging the Cuban government to improve telecommunications and information flow.	The broadcasts include popular Korean pop songs, world news and weather forecasts as well as criticism of the North's nuclear test, its troubled economy and dire human rights conditions, according to Seoul's Defense Ministry. Included are songs by a young female singer, IU, whose sweet, girlish voice might be aimed at North Korean soldiers deployed near the border.
Of the 53 prisoners, at least 35 began proceedings to obtain refugee status in the US Embassy, ​​which would allow them to live permanently in the neighboring country.	There was no immediate reaction by the North, but its response could be especially harsh because of the high emotions surrounding the likely birthday of Kim, who is believed to be in his early 30s.
Pope Francisco is not intended to solve the problems afflicting Mexico during his next visit, said Sunday the Apostolic Nuncio Christophe Pierre.	The Mexican government determined they were valid within the extradition treaty and sent them to a panel of federal judges, who gave orders for detention on July 29 and Sept. 8, after Guzman had escaped.
The magazine news turned the weekend by revealing that the American actor Sean Penn got a rare interview late last year with the well-known drug kingpin Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman when he was on the run after escaping through a tunnel a Mexican maximum security prison.	Penn's article on Guzman was published late Saturday by Rolling Stone magazine, a day after Mexican marines captured the world's most wanted kingpin in a raid on the city of Los Mochis near the Gulf of California.
Germany welcomed more refugees and migrants from other causes than any other European country.	The reaction in Cologne reflects a broader debate as Germany struggles to reconcile law and order with its new-found role as a haven for those seeking a better life.
Thelma Aldana, Attorney General and head of the Public Ministry, said at a news conference that &quot;the cases we documented are against noncombatant civilian population, including children&quot; he was &quot;one of the greatest disappearances in Latin America,&quot; said .	In an interview on "Bill Bennett's Morning in America" before Christmas, House Speaker Paul Ryan said officials want to be prepared for another influx and place children in the "least restrictive environment possible."
In the video, Guzman says he grew up poor boy and selling oranges, soft drinks and sweets.	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
Among dissent views on the binational thaw shown divided: some argue that the United States is focused on diplomatic and economic relations rather than betting on an improvement in human rights.	The broadcasts include popular Korean pop songs, world news and weather forecasts as well as criticism of the North's nuclear test, its troubled economy and dire human rights conditions, according to Seoul's Defense Ministry. Included are songs by a young female singer, IU, whose sweet, girlish voice might be aimed at North Korean soldiers deployed near the border.
Lawmaker Lee Cheol Woo said the National Intelligence Service, the country had indicated that the North Korean bomb was atomic, not hydrogen.	North Korea claimed on Wednesday that it had successfully detonated a miniature hydrogen bomb, marking the country’s fourth known nuclear test.
Another half dozen of the 53 are back in jail on charges that his allies say are political in nature, one of them by jumping the fence of the US Embassy to try to penetrate the embassy.	Among those who remain, at least six men are back in Cuban prison on what their allies say are politically related charges.
Pyongyang is extremely sensitive to any external criticism of the authoritarian leadership of Kim, the third member of his family to rule.	The North's state media has yet to mention Kim's birthday or South Korea's loudspeaker campaign.
&quot;Mexico is ready. There are plans for cooperation with the United States,&quot; the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the case said.	But he cautioned it could take at least six months to approve extradition through courts, where Guzman's attorneys can battle a move to the U.S., where he faces drug trafficking charges in several states.
When the opposition won by a large majority the legislative elections of December 6, Salas in an open letter attacked the &quot;pragmatists&quot; of the socialist camp mentioning the possibility of a devaluation, as economists outside as a necessary first step stabilize the economy.	After the opposition swept Dec. 6 legislative elections, Salas wrote an open letter in which he attacked as "pragmatists" those people within the socialist camp who were floating the possibility of a currency devaluation, a move that outside economists agree is a necessary first step for righting the economy.
August transmissions, which began after Seoul blamed Pyongyang landmine mutilating two South Korean soldiers, stopped only after the rival nations agreed a series of measures to ease tensions.	August's broadcasts, which began after Seoul blamed Pyongyang for land mine explosions that maimed two South Korean soldiers, stopped only after the rivals agreed on a set of measures aimed at easing anger.
Attorney General Rodrigo Cunha Janot has requested to be arrested and removed from office, which will be decided by the Supreme Court.	Rolling Stone has long mixed aggressive investigative and political reporting with coverage of rock stars and other celebrities.
Neighbors said there was heavy gunfire for about two hours.	Five people died in a gun battle as troops moved in.
&quot;The pope, as head of the Catholic Church, comes to meet with the Mexican people, but it is a pastoral visit. He does not come, because I read a lot of the press, which comes to solving problems of violence and disappearances,&quot; said Pierre .	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
Netflix is ​​now available in 21 languages ​​and transmitted virtually every market in which it has set its sights, with the notable exception of China, the most populous country in the world.	The video streaming company said it was launching its service globally and added service in several new languages including Arabic and Korean.
The B-52, which joined South Korean aircraft F-15 and US F-16, returned to their base in Guam at the end of the flight, said the US military.	In 2002, as the U.S. was threatening war against Saddam Hussein's Iraq, Penn visited the country and met with senior officials.
Guzman was recaptured on Friday in the city of Los Mochis, in his home state of Sinaloa, after a shootout that killed five of his associates and injured an effective of the Mexican Navy.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house. 
&quot;They are witnessing the birth of a chain of worldwide television,&quot; Hastings said on stage.	"You are witnessing the birth of a global TV network," Hastings crowed on stage.
Of the 53 prisoners, at least 35 began proceedings to obtain refugee status in the US Embassy, ​​which would allow them to live permanently in the neighboring country.	South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported that frontline troops, near 11 sites where propaganda loudspeakers started blaring messages at noon (0300 GMT), were on highest alert.
Currently there has been a reaction to the North Korean authorities, but his answer could be severe due to the sensitivity of the birthday of Kim, who is believed to be close to 30 years.	North Korea didn't immediately react, but its response could be especially harsh because of the high emotions surrounding the likely birthday of Kim, who is believed to be in his early 30s. 
The two-story building is set back from the street and completely covered by the canopy of leafy trees.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
The practice of prior approval discredits the whole story, whether the subject requested changes or not, &quot;said Andrew Seaman, chairman of the ethics committee of the Society of Professional Journalists, through a blog post titled&quot; Rolling Stone Gathers No accolades &quot;(Rolling Stone does not receive praise).	Penn's article on Guzman was published late Saturday by Rolling Stone magazine, a day after Mexican marines captured the world's most wanted kingpin in a raid on the city of Los Mochis near the Gulf of California.
Nelson Barbosa, who was appointed finance minister after Joaquim Levy resigned in December, working both as a stimulus package of tax reforms, all of which is expected to be proposed in the coming weeks.	Rolling Stone has long mixed aggressive investigative and political reporting with coverage of rock stars and other celebrities.
Texas A policeman was charged with perjury on Wednesday regarding a controversial transit stop in the middle of last year in which a black woman ended three days later arrested and died in prison.	A Texas state trooper has been charged with perjury for conduct related to a contentious traffic stop of a black woman who was eventually arrested for assault and then died three days later in jail.
A grand jury indicted the policeman Brian Encinia the lesser charge, arguing that he lied about Sandra pulled Bland, 28, from his vehicle during transit stop in July.	A grand jury indicted Trooper Brian Encinia on Wednesday with the misdemeanor charge. 
According to the prosecution, Ovalle would be linked to forced disappearances, human rights violations that occurred in the context of the war, especially in the military post located in Coban, Alta Verapaz, north of the country, where was stationed.	National disaster response spokesman David de Leon said Monday that particulate matter had fallen on at least eight nearby towns.
He also tweeted then I thought &quot;Chapo Guzman more than governments.&quot;	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
&quot;For where I grew up was no other way, nor is there, to survive and because there was no other way how to conduct our economy to live&quot; is heard telling the boss on an audio that accompanies the interview, in which he speaks how he began to grow and sell poppies and marijuana as a teenager.	When asked if he is to blame for high addiction rates, he responds: "No, that is false, because the day I don't exist, it's not going to decrease in any way at all. Drug trafficking? That's false."
Kim made his first public statements about testing last week during a visit to the headquarters of the military command of the country, where he described the explosion as a &quot;self-defensive measure&quot; to protect the region, &quot;the danger of a nuclear war caused by the imperialists US-led &quot;according to a dispatch released Sunday that state Korean Central News Agency.	Writing for Rolling Stone, Penn acknowledged that Guzman was granted prior approval over the article (Guzman requested no changes, according to the actor), a violation of the commonly held rules of journalistic integrity.
The service film and video debuted online in 130 countries Wednesday in a surprise move likely it paid millions of new subscribers.	The expanded licensing agreement announced Tuesday will allow Netflix to showcase several new DreamWorks series, including "Trollhunters," a fantasy created by acclaimed movie director Guillermo del Toro.
After a shootout Friday night, tiled lobby following the main glass door was stained with blood and forensic specialists in white suits worked inside.	Five people died in a gun battle as troops moved in.
Foreign Secretary of Britain, Philip Hammond, asked South Korea to avoid resume issuing propaganda along the border of North Korea.	South Korea retaliated for North Korea's nuclear test with broadcasts of anti-Pyongyang propaganda across the rival's tense border Friday, believed to be the birthday of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
In an interview with Rolling Stone magazine with actor Sean Penn, the newly recaptured Mexican kingpin Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman drug showed no remorse for directing one of the largest drug trafficking networks in the world.	enn's article on Guzman was published late Saturday by Rolling Stone magazine, a day after Mexican marines captured the world's most wanted kingpin in a raid on the city of Los Mochis near the Gulf of California.
Privately, US officials expressed concern about the lack of interest of Cuba in a change of policy and criticize for example the decision of the government of the island to prevent thousands of medical specialists leave the country without special permission.	Obama's actions on guns have drawn major attention in the presidential campaign, with the Democratic candidates backing Obama and the Republicans unanimously voicing opposition. 
Penn reminded him of a shooting that killed another famous narco, Colombian Pablo Escobar, and asked him how he thought would be his last days in the drug business.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
The influx was slower in December than in previous months, with 127,320 people arriving, compared to 206,101 in November.	The influx was slower in December than in previous months, with 127,320 people arriving - down from 206,101 in November. 
Thelma Aldana, Attorney General and head of the Public Ministry, said at a news conference that &quot;the cases we documented are against noncombatant civilian population, including children&quot; he was &quot;one of the greatest disappearances in Latin America,&quot; said .	"The cases that we have documented were (attacks) against the non-combatant civilian population including children," Attorney General Thelma Aldana said.
The house where the Mexican drug lord Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman tried to take refuge for the last time was not something unusual.	They raided Guzman's remote hideout a few days after the interview and narrowly missed capturing Guzman, whose July escape from Mexico's top security prison - though a mile-long (1.5-kilometer) tunnel - had embarrassed President Enrique Pena Nieto and made his capture a national priority.
Transmissions include popular Korean pop songs, world news, weather forecasts, as well as criticism of the nuclear tests in North Korea, its shaken economy and poor human rights conditions, according to the Defense Ministry in Seoul.	The broadcasts include popular Korean pop songs, world news and weather forecasts as well as criticism of the North's nuclear test, its troubled economy and dire human rights conditions, according to Seoul's Defense Ministry.
&quot;We think the level of refugees and asylum seekers who have arrived in Germany is too high and we are working for that not to be repeated on this scale in 2016,&quot; said de Maiziere.	"We think the level of refugees and asylum-seekers who have come to Germany is too high, and are working so that it isn't repeated on this scale in 2016," de Maiziere said.
The house where the Mexican drug lord Joaquin &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzman tried to take refuge for the last time was not something unusual.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
Kim seeks to encourage pride and boost its domestic political agenda with an explosion that has sparked outrage in much of the world.	It also raised questions of ethics and judgment, namely whether Penn should have met secretly with one of the world's most-wanted fugitives, whether the actor crossed the line by giving Guzman approval over the article before it was published, and whether Penn trivialized El Chapo's murderous past by asking him such questions as "Do you have any dreams?" and "If you could change the world, would you?"
In 2002, when the United States threatened to invade Iraq under Saddam Hussein, Penn visited that nation and met with senior officials.	According to a statement from the Mexican Attorney General's office, the U.S. filed extradition requests June 25, while Guzman was in custody, and another Sep. 3, after he escaped.
And it goes even beyond Maduro arguing that many of the problems are because the country remains too capitalist.	He even goes further than Maduro in arguing that many of the country's problems are the result of being too capitalist.
It was a great example of exclusive information, but also something that Rolling Stone might regret.	It was a big scoop, and one Rolling Stone may well regret.
Privately, US officials expressed concern about the lack of interest of Cuba in a change of policy and criticize for example the decision of the government of the island to prevent thousands of medical specialists leave the country without special permission.	The government decided late last year to prevent thousands of medical specialists from leaving the country even for brief vacations without the Health Ministry's permission.
A spokesman for Rolling Stone did not immediately return requests for comment from The Associated Press.	There was no immediate response from representatives for either Penn or del Castillo to the Mexican official's comments.
Penn, Academy Award winning actor and a drug dealer who played in the 1985 movie &quot;The Falcon and the Snowman&quot; has had news meetings in other countries.	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
August transmissions, which began after Seoul blamed Pyongyang landmine mutilating two South Korean soldiers, stopped only after the rival nations agreed a series of measures to ease tensions.	When South Korea briefly resumed propaganda broadcasts in August after an 11-year break, Seoul says the two Koreas exchanged artillery fire, followed by threats of war.
Many Angelenos have complained of headaches, nausea and dizziness.	During the course of the leaks, thousands of complaints of headaches, nausea and nosebleeds were made to the South Coast Air Quality Management District.
Guzman was recaptured on Friday in the city of Los Mochis, in his home state of Sinaloa, after a shootout that killed five of his associates and injured an effective of the Mexican Navy.	Mexican officials say Sean Penn's contacts with drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman helped them track the fugitive down - even if he slipped away from an initial raid on the hideout where the Hollywood actor apparently met him.
Transmissions generated a furious response from North Korea, which considers an act of psychological warfare.	The broadcasts will draw a furious response from North Korea, which considers them an act of psychological warfare.
In total, 1,091,894 migrants were recorded between January and December 2015, according to data published by the Ministry of the Interior.	Border crossings haven't returned to 2014 levels, but the numbers began to pick up again in June and have remained high even though migration usually slows down in the fall and winter.
&quot;The pope, as head of the Catholic Church, comes to meet with the Mexican people, but it is a pastoral visit. He does not come, because I read a lot of the press, which comes to solving problems of violence and disappearances,&quot; said Pierre .	Penn wrote that Guzman was interested in having a movie filmed on his life and wanted Mexican actress Kate del Castillo, who had portrayed a drug trafficker in a television series, involved in the project.
Since the election victory, the opposition coalition is divided between supporters of negotiating with the government and those who want to start the impeachment of the president.	Hundreds of pro-government people rallied in downtown Thursday morning to protest the opposition leadership's removal of portraits of Chavez from the gold-domed capitol building.
Others say that in the end the approach will lead to substantial improvements for Cubans.	Others say easing tensions between the U.S. and Cuba will inevitably lead to better conditions on the island.
A family stopped while passing through the area and posed for pictures outside the Hotel Doux, on the outskirts of Los Mochis, where sea Guzman briefly detained after the raid.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
Penn got the first interview with Guzman in early October, while the world&#39;s most wanted drug lord was still at large after having escaped in July from a Mexican maximum security prison through a tunnel complex.	They raided Guzman's remote hideout a few days after the interview and narrowly missed capturing Guzman, whose July escape from Mexico's top security prison - though a mile-long (1.5-kilometer) tunnel - had embarrassed President Enrique Pena Nieto and made his capture a national priority.
Oscar Ray Bolin, a former carnival worker who was sentenced for killing three women in the Tampa Bay area and after the trial married a member of his defense was executed in Florida on Thursday.	President Barack Obama tore into the National Rifle Association on Thursday as he sought support for his actions on gun control, accusing the powerful lobby group of peddling an "imaginary fiction" that he said has distorted the national debate about gun violence.
Twenty of the 53 preferred to stay on the island, either because left to political activism or remain internal opponents.	Cuba's dissidents are viewed with skepticism by many ordinary Cubans who question their backing and motivation.
Privately, US officials expressed concern about the lack of interest of Cuba in a change of policy and criticize for example the decision of the government of the island to prevent thousands of medical specialists leave the country without special permission.	Meanwhile, U.S. officials privately express concerns about a reverse in Cuba's policy of granting greater freedoms for its people in recent years.
The US administration is convinced that North Korea has conducted a nuclear test, but it remains to determine the details of the test.	The UN Security Council has unanimously condemned North Korea’s most recent nuclear test, calling it a clear violation of UNSC resolutions.
Until then it was much like other houses in the neighborhood, with a carport protected by a metal door.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
&quot;Dilma will have a month without major problems in Brasilia to present a plan to revive a faltering economy,&quot; said Claudio Couto, Brazilian research institute Fundacao Getulio Vargas.	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
The US administration is convinced that North Korea has conducted a nuclear test, but it remains to determine the details of the test.	The hydrogen bomb already is the global standard for the five nations with the greatest nuclear capabilities: the U.S., Russia, France, Britain and China.
North Korea said in a media statement have carried out a successful test of a hydrogen bomb in a polygon in the north of the country.	Some believe North Korea might have detonated a boosted fission bomb, a weapon considered halfway between an atomic bomb and an H-bomb.
Guatemalan prosecutors asked to be removed immunity senior advisor of President-elect Jimmy Morales, being related to human rights violations during the war in the country between 1960 and 1996.	Prosecutors on Wednesday announced the arrest of more than a dozen former military and government officials for alleged crimes against humanity committed during Guatemala's civil war, and initiated human rights proceedings against an ally of President-elect Jimmy Morales.
According to the prosecution, Ovalle would be linked to forced disappearances, human rights violations that occurred in the context of the war, especially in the military post located in Coban, Alta Verapaz, north of the country, where was stationed.	The suspects face charges of crimes against humanity involving massacres and disappearances of people by security forces under their command.
&quot;We think the level of refugees and asylum seekers who have arrived in Germany is too high and we are working for that not to be repeated on this scale in 2016,&quot; said de Maiziere.	She said it was very important both to "achieve an appreciable reduction of the refugees" - by tackling the reasons people are fleeing and sending home rejected asylum-seekers - and preserve freedom of movement within the European Union.
Article Penn on Guzman was released on Saturday by Rolling Stone, a day after troops of the Navy of Mexico captured the chief drug trafficker most wanted in the world during an operation in the city of Los Mochis, near the Gulf of California .	Penn's article on Guzman was published late Saturday by Rolling Stone magazine, a day after Mexican marines captured the world's most wanted kingpin in a raid on the city of Los Mochis near the Gulf of California.
Privately, US officials expressed concern about the lack of interest of Cuba in a change of policy and criticize for example the decision of the government of the island to prevent thousands of medical specialists leave the country without special permission.	A number of Cuban activists say the new U.S. policy of engagement focuses on diplomatic and economic ties instead of improving human rights.
&quot;If I killed, I killed in combat, facing my troops and not as a coward or anything like that,&quot; he told reporters.	"If I killed, I killed in combat, leading my troops and not as a coward or anything like that," Lucas told reporters at the courthouse.
Writing for Rolling Stone, Penn admitted that Guzman was given the benefit of adopting article before publication (Guzman did not request changes, according to the actor), which represents a violation of the general rules of journalistic integrity.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
In the interview published on Saturday night, Guzman said he entered the drug business at 15 years old because there was no other way to survive.	When asked if he is to blame for high addiction rates, he responds: "No, that is false, because the day I don't exist, it's not going to decrease in any way at all. Drug trafficking? That's false."
Germany welcomed more refugees and migrants from other causes than any other European country.	Many Germans cheered as weary Syrians, Afghans and Iraqis stepped off trains in Munich, Frankfurt and Hamburg last summer and tens of thousands have volunteered to help the new arrivals.
Penn got the first interview with Guzman in early October, while the world&#39;s most wanted drug lord was still at large after having escaped in July from a Mexican maximum security prison through a tunnel complex.	Penn's article on Guzman was published late Saturday by Rolling Stone magazine, a day after Mexican marines captured the world's most wanted kingpin in a raid on the city of Los Mochis near the Gulf of California.
The ethics committee of FIFA sanctioned Platini and Blatter for eight years last month, to determine who committed unethical conduct related to a payment of two million Swiss francs (two million dollars) francs Blatter made secretly Platini 2011.	Paraguayan authorities raided the headquarters of the South American soccer confederation Thursday in connection to the sprawling FIFA probe being led by U.S. and Swiss prosecutors.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has emphasized the importance of diplomacy and make other European countries to share the burden, but his conservative allies in Bavaria propose setting a limit on the number of refugees that the country can accept.	Chancellor Angela Merkel has emphasized the importance of diplomacy and getting other European countries to share the burden, but her conservative allies in Bavaria advocate setting a cap on the number of refugees Germany can take. 
Chiapas in the southeast, is one of the poorest and most indigenous presence in the country states, where in recent years has increased the presence of evangelical churches.	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
The wars between the Sinaloa Cartel de Guzman and the local cartel in Ciudad Juarez made the city one of the most dangerous in the world around 2010.	In the interview, Guzman defends his work at the head of the world's biggest drug trafficking organization, one blamed for thousands of killings.
However, a month or two of intensive renovations transformed the house into a structure architecturally nothing special, but was completely closed.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
Penn asked to take a picture in which he is seeing Guzman shaking hands to show their editors had really seen him.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
&quot;Now China had a particular approach he wanted to do, and we agreed and we gave them space so that they could implement it, but today, in my conversation with China made it very clear that has not worked and we can not continue business as usual&quot; Kerry said.	To build its nuclear program, the North must explode new and more advanced devices so scientists can improve their designs and technology. 
Four families who were to be deported on Wednesday got an injunction from the Board of Immigration Appeals, then the coalition of legal organizations and pro-immigrant FACE Project appealed their asylum cases.	Amid widespread shock over a string of sexual assaults in this cosmopolitan German city on New Year's Eve, the response was divided Wednesday: blame the police or chide the victims, deport criminal foreigners or prevent migrants from entering the country in the first place.
Most detainees are over 65 years of age, including retired Gen. Francisco Luis Gordillo and Division General Manuel Antonio Callejas Callejas, who were members of the military leadership in the 80&#39;s.	Children in the shelters, most of them between ages 14 and 17, stay an average of 32 days. 
Exactly one year ago the Cuban government began to release 53 prisoners from a list by President Barack Obama had interceded in the context of the restoration of relations between Cuba and the United States.	One year ago, the Cuban government began releasing 53 political prisoners that President Barack Obama wanted freed as part of a historic deal to re-establish diplomatic relations between the former Cold War foes.
&quot;He was interested in seeing the story of his life he told in the film, but only trust to tell Kate,&quot; added the actor.	"He was interested in seeing the story of his life told on film, but would entrust its telling only to Kate," wrote Penn, who appears in a photo posted with the interview shaking hands with Guzman.
The prosecution confirmed that at least 13 other soldiers were arrested in the same case, including General Benedicto Lucas Garcia, brother and former Chief of Staff of the late former President Romeo Lucas Garcia (1978- 1982).	Guatemalan officials say a prison riot in the eastern state of Izabal has left eight inmates dead.
Regardless of what you propose Rousseff, Congress could simply not approve it.	Penn's long and often rambling essay, widely mocked on social media, included comments from Guzman on everything from his childhood to his thoughts on the drug trade.
Netflix is ​​now available in 21 languages ​​and transmitted virtually every market in which it has set its sights, with the notable exception of China, the most populous country in the world.	Now, Netflix is available in 21 different languages and streaming in just about every market that it had in its sights, with the notable exception of China, the world's most populous country.
&quot;I have 50 years here and in those 50 years I have never heard a rumor, a remark, I never saw a note that this person could be in Mochis or could be living in Mochis,&quot; said Lopez Valdez.	Two months after that close call, marines finally caught him in a residential neighborhood of Los Mochis, where they'd been monitoring a suspected safe house.
Netflix has already fulfilled its biggest New Year&#39;s resolution.	Netflix has already crossed off the biggest item on its New Year's list of resolutions.
The long and sometimes rambling essay Penn, which received extensive media ridicule in social networking, Guzman comments included everything from his childhood to his reflections on the drug trade.	Penn's long and often rambling essay, widely mocked on social media, included comments from Guzman on everything from his childhood to his thoughts on the drug trade.
Cunha has said he will not vote on initiatives new law until the legislators decide on the structure of the commission will consider impeachment.	Rolling Stone has long mixed aggressive investigative and political reporting with coverage of rock stars and other celebrities.
Global groups such as Amnesty International indicated that the Cuban government is not the US whose turn it is to act on its territory.	International advocacy groups such as Amnesty International say that no matter what the United States does, it's up to Cuba to improve the island's human rights situation.
Bonnet added that it is not responsible for the epidemic of illegal drug use in the United States and the rest of the world.	When asked if he is to blame for high addiction rates, he responds: "No, that is false, because the day I don't exist, it's not going to decrease in any way at all. Drug trafficking? That's false."
Chancellor Angela Merkel has emphasized the importance of diplomacy and make other European countries to share the burden, but his conservative allies in Bavaria propose setting a limit on the number of refugees that the country can accept.	The U.S. government plans to open three new shelters in three states to house unaccompanied migrant children as officials brace for another influx of young Central American immigrants crossing the border.
Bolin was also sentenced for the death of Stephanie Collins, 17.	All the candidates running for the Democratic presidential nomination support stricter gun laws, so Obama's declaration in a New York Times op-ed isn't likely to have an impact on the race to replace him.
Some observers believed that Maduro would initiate some economic reforms after the opposition won a national election for the first time in more than a decade, which set the stage for a political showdown unprecedented.	Maduro named other hardliners to top spots Wednesday as part of a larger cabinet reshuffle he says is intended to protect the revolution during a new political era. And he created a new urban agriculture ministry and announced that he and first lady Cilia Flores had taken up urban farming themselves.
