What kind of cake is this?	What kind of socket is this?
How do you get a child to eat?	How do you teach a toddler not to share?
Do I need a transit visa in the UK flying to the Canary Islands?	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?
What signs indicate good quality water for tropical fish?	Besides water quality, what should I consider before adding more tropical fish?
How I can make my teammates stop interrupting me?	How can I stop my pie from burning?
What is a landlord of Mezrag?	What exactly is a CV?
How I can clean my pasta machine?	How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator?
How do I remove cellulite?	How to get rid of oversleeping?
Where it might be coming out the air in the hydraulic system?	Where could the water leaching from the base of the drywall be coming from?
What is the difference between an amplifier and a head?	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?
How I can avoid falling asleep?	How to get rid of unwanted and annoying co-author?
How do I remove paint a wooden floor?	How do I remove paint from a porous table top?
How do I stop my dog ​​from barking constantly when I&#39;m not at home?	How can I keep my dog from barking when I don't know what he's barking at?
How to avoid paying higher taxes if I work as a freelance in the UK?	How do I avoid paying income taxes on the sale of my business abroad?
What I can do to get in shape while I&#39;m in the car?	What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s?
How to repair wooden floors damaged by moisture?	How do I repair spots of damaged hardwood floor finish?
Should I apply for a transit visa UK if I have a visitor visa?	Do I need to apply for a visa to enter to South Korea if I already got Aus visa?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of breastfeeding a baby when you ask?	What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
Is it normal for a kitten have a big belly?	Is it normal for a 12-year-old to have Vibrato?
Is there a difference between spice and flavor?	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?
What should I look for in a cooking class?	What should I look for in a jump rope?
What is the cheapest way to travel from Poland to Lyon (France)?	What is the cheapest way to send books from USA to France?
How do I fill a gap in my fireplace and wooden frame around?	How do I fix a hole/gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it?
Is &quot;plausible&quot; a false friend from English to Spanish?	What's the difference between a "false cognate" and a "false friend"?
How I can do to apply for 2 work more when I have a part-time?	How can I put my resume online when I already have a job?
What can I do to be realistic to increase my creditworthiness?	What more can I do to improve my credit score?
The wife of a British citizen with permanent residence in the UK need a Schengen visa to travel to France?	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?
What does &#39;a&#39; in the general welfare clause?	What does the term "Out of the Furnace" refer to?
Do I need a transit visa from the UK to fly from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need UK transit visa to going to Ireland?
What is the best method for cleaning a grater?	What is the best way to store fresh berries?
In what countries it is possible to enter a PhD program in life sciences, after a degree?	Is it possible to do a Master's in Mathematics after a Bachelor's in Economics?
What is the best way to flavor food prepared in cast iron skillet?	What's the best way to store asparagus?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?
How I can write the inner monologue of a character?	In a dialogue, how do you write that a character says a letter?
How do I get a recruiter stop bothering me?	How do I get a coworker to stop chit chatting?
What does the cat?	What is the meaning of the butterfly?
Do I need a visa to enter the United States as a citizen of the United Kingdom in transit?	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?
Is it possible to breed crickets?	Is it possible to patent recipes?
How I can distinguish a cat&#39;s a rabbit?	How can I test a rabbit's vision?
How do I remove paint a wooden floor?	How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?
How do I repair chipping in wooden windows?	How can I repair my floors' finish?
Do you have a car?	Do you have a title?
How do I connect wiring exhaust fan bathroom and lighting two switches?	How do I wire a combo with two supplies?
What kind of spider is this, and how can I get rid of it?	What are these bugs and how do I get rid of them?
What kind of insulation is?	What kind of form is it?
How do I repair one heuco between the bathtub and the wall?	How do I fix a hole/gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it?
How do I strengthen my wrists?	How to strengthen calf muscles?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of different types of intelligent switches in the British market?	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?
Do I need a transit visa to fly from Germany to India, with a stopover in London?	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?
What is a resume?	What exactly is a CV?
What is the term for the appetizer that is taken at the end of the meal?	What is the proper term for the "year 0"?
What is the meaning of the scene with the police near the end of &quot;The Artist&quot;?	What is the meaning of the apearance of dogs in the good the bad the ugly?
How do you say &quot;I need company shares or I look for a new job&quot;?	Can I say "No" politely for a task I'm not interested in doing?
Do I need a transit visa from the UK to fly from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a visa to transit India?
How do I paint a work of art on a wall?	How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush?
How I can remove grout and mortar of a drain?	How can I fix a very slow drain?
How I can distinguish a cat&#39;s a rabbit?	How can I tell the difference between play and aggression at the dog park?
How I can really stuck out a screw?	How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?
Do I need a transit visa for London?	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?
Just base your answer on what you know, which is what you want.	rmkilc, what you want to do in principle is FINE.
You could try something like a Philips SpotOn.	You could try something like chicken thighs.
This should be useful, it is not exactly accurate, but you can probably figure it out from here.	I can tell you where it comes from, but not why it's the way it is.
It&#39;s not your money.	It's not too unusual.
Just base your answer on what you know, which is what you want.	I don't know what is better, but I think it depends on where you want to publish.
Sometimes if you really wish you could have to pay an agency to get you the site.	If you can not find the problem, you really need to call in an electrician.
In the first case, I do not think you need it	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.
It is common in a water heater.	Volcanic water is not a problem.
I had the same problem as you.	I had the same issue.
As you can see in this simple example, there is a lot of information.	This recipe just has a lot of liquid in you can see her dressing is very fluid.
The truth is that no matter.	Maybe it doesn't.
I never use it.	I never worry about this.
No need to know everything.	They really don't need to know.
In the first case, I do not think you need it	If you don't mind the extra weight, I would say definitely go for it.
I think the answer is unknown.	I think, the answer is yet: We don't know.
You must find out what works for you.	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.
I not think there is any appreciable difference.	I don't think there's any reason other than historical chance.
I do not think there is any other reason than the historical opportunity.	I don't think that there's any.
There is no right answer.	There is no maximum.
Look these:	just take a look at the tail..!
The rule - If in doubt, throw it away!	I always go by the rule "When in doubt, throw it out!
If this is the case, I really do not have to worry so much for steak.	In the first case, I think you don't need it.
It depends on how you express yourself.	It depends on how it's used.
I think you should do both.	You should do it.
If you do not know, hire an electrician.	You don't have to know.
I think so.	I don't think you should.
I do not think there is a single definition.	I think there isn't a general answer.
This is what I think you should do.	I think you should do both.
There is nothing wrong with dress formally.	There is nothing new in what you describe.
I had the same problem as you.	I had the same problem.
From what I remember, it did not happen in the book.	Maybe everyone knew about this, and she was the only one who didn’t.
This is not a good idea.	This would be a bad idea.
I will not try to describe it, but this is what I will do about it:	Although it's possible to do what you're asking I wouldn't recommend it.
There are several things you can do:	There are a few things you need to consider:
The truth is that no matter.	So actually it didn't matter.
I think what you are looking for a ticket to take you on a trip around the world	I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3.
The more you do, the faster you will be.	The more you sweat, the faster you will burn calories and fat.
So I do not think you have to put it on the cover.	I don't think you can validate the ticket on the train itself.
I always say you have something to declare.	You will have absolutely no issues.
You have to read much to know what you like and what not.	You may have to experiment and find what you like.
It depends on how you express yourself.	It rather depends on which country you're in.
It is common in a water heater.	This is not a good idea.
My advice is to say nothing and do the best you can.	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
You&#39;re right about the type definition.	You are on the right path.
There are always things to do, even if you think no.	Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.
I think what you can do first is to properly plan your practices.	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
If you do not have one, nothing happens, no one would expect you would have written much.	Sure you can have one, no one is going to arrest you for putting it in.
It depends largely on the scholarship that question.	It depends on the fine print.
Unfortunately the answer to your question is that we simply do not know.	The answer to your question is not really.
You hit the key.	You are on the right path.
It depends on what your goal	It depends on what they are.
You have to read much to know what you like and what not.	It sounds like you don't know what you are doing with regards to electricity.
Maybe you want, but you must work while conforming to the process that has given you.	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
), but is not.	But it is not a good idea.
I do not see there&#39;s anything wrong.	I don't think that there's any.
I do not think there is anything of truth in what you say.	I don't think that there's any.
Just base your answer on what you know, which is what you want.	You have not quite mentioned what kind of work you would want to do.
The answer depends on where you are.	It depends on what they are.
If you are coming between you and your job then you should discuss this with your boss.	If you like the work, the people and how much your bringing home then stick with it.
In the first case, I do not think you need it	I think you don't have many rights in this case.
Solve these problems optimally using this three-step process recursively.	In a word, we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process.
The vector space model is one of these methods, and is an algebraic model.	The vector space model has the following limitations: 1.
Most of these languages ​​provides an &#39;extended&#39; keyboard, which is used to subdivide another.	However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it.
P (B | A) is the conditional probability of B given A.	P(A) is the prior probability A.
Bayes&#39; theorem is a theorem about probability theory originally formulated by Reverend Thomas Bayes.	As a formal theorem, Bayes' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability.
As a formal theorem, Bayes&#39; theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability.	Bayes' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests.
* P (A | B) is the conditional probability of A, given B.	P(A) is the probability of the student being a girl (which is 2/5).
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector.	In vector space model, the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors.
Sets of assumptions and facts of Bayes&#39; theorem.	Bayes' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events.
Joe records all results and about 0.5% of the time accidentally recorded erroneous results.	Lucky Joe likes to predict the colour of the ball he selects and he is 80% accurate.
If a term appears in the document, the value of the term in the vector is nonzero.	Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document.
Bayes&#39; theorem named after Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory.	As an official theorem, Bayes' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability.
A vector space model is an algebraic model to represent text documents as vectors of identifiers.	The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “bags of words”.
The OOP programming is a type that supports encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism.	In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers.
The farther down you&#39;re in the line of succession, more specific classes become.	If the term doesn’t occur within the document, the value in the vector is zero.
P (B) is the prior probability of B or marginal, and serves to normalize the probability.	P(B|A) is the conditional probability of B given A.
Recursively define the value of an optimal solution in March.	Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively.
A document can be represented as a vector.	A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term.
They not have to be written in the language of computers.	This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass.
The value of a vector is nonzero if a term occurs in the document.	If a term occurs in the document, its value in the vector is non-zero.
If a term appears in the document, the vector value is not null.	If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero.
As a formal theorem, Bayes&#39; theorem is true in all common interpretations of probability.	As an official theorem, Bayes' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability.
pages that provide links.	The PageRank depends on the PageRank rating and number of all pages that have links to it.
One of the best known is tf-idf schemes (see example below).	One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting.
Dynamic programming is used, usually, in optimization problems where one needs to find the most efficient solution.	Then, using this, the best overall path can be found, thereby demonstrating the dynamic programming principle.
P (A) is the probability that the student is a child (which is 2/5).	P(B) is the prior or marginal probability of B, and acts to normalise the probability.
• P (A | B) is the conditional probability of A, given B.	P(B) is the prior or marginal probability of B, and acts to normalise the probability.
The concept of inheritance is to reuse existing code with little or no modification.	The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification.
Term frequency: this formula how many times the term occurs in a document.	If a term occurs in the document, its value in the vector is non-zero.
It was first used in the Information Retrieval System SMART.	Its first application was in the SMART Information Retrieval System.
Then, using this, you can find the best way, so that the principle of dynamic programming is shown.	The further down an inheritance tree you get, the more specific the classes become.
Its first use was in the Information Retrieval System SMART.	The similarity measures largely identify the retrieval efficiency of a particular information retrieval system.
Dynamic programming reduces the computation time, to solve subproblems in ascending order.	Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems.
Therefore, the &quot;program&quot; is the optimal plan of action that is occurring.	The "program" is the optimal plan for action that is produced.
Inheritance is a basic concept in object-oriented programming.	Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming.
pages that provide links.	The second method is the use of links.
Finally, the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation.	In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector.
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term.	Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms.
It is used to calculate posterior probabilities given certain observations.	It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations.
Typically a term is a single word, a keyword or a longer sentence.	A normal term is usually a single word, keywords or longer phrases.
The key is to find the Dynamic Programming structure optimal solutions.	This is highly used in dynamic programming.
Dynamic programming is used, usually, in optimization problems where one needs to find the most efficient solution.	This is highly used in dynamic programming.
Instead, a new element will inherit the characteristics of those that already exist is created.	Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined.
Bayes&#39; theorem is a theorem about probability theory originally formulated by Reverend Thomas Bayes.	In probability theory, the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes' theorem.
However, dynamic programming is key in determining the structure of the optimal solutions.	The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions.
If ignored, extract all unique words of the full set of documents.	Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text.
In the theory of probability, conditional probability and the previous two events they are related to any Bayes&#39; theorem.	Bayes' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events.
Computer; dynamic programming is a way to solve problems is to superimpose subproblems and optimal substructure.	Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems.
The number of unique words in the vocabulary defines the dimensionality, if the words are used to refer to the term.	Ignoring case, extract all unique words from the entire set of documents.
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules that anyone can follow to solve a problem.	The word Programming in the name has nothing to do with writing computer programs.
The vector space model has numerous disadvantages.	LIMITATION: There is some limitation of vector space model.
As it seeks all possibilities, it is also very accurate.	It doesn't take into account any information about B, so it is "prior".
It is similar to divide and conquer, but differs in that its subproblems are not independent.	This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass.
A term that is presented in the document has a value in the non-zero vector.	If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero.
One of the best known methods is called tf-idf measurement.	One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting, proposed by Salton, Wong and Yang.
You can abuse the method if people deliberately links to websites in order to increase the PageRank of a website.	A dampening factor is used to counter random surfers, who get bored and then switch to other pages.
Depending on the application, the definition of term varies.	The way that a 'term' is defined depends on the application.
If a term appears in the document, the value of the term in the vector is nonzero.	The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation.
This method is much more efficient recalculating and therefore considerably reduces the computation.	This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods.
It is often used to calculate likely future based on present observations.	One of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations.
The thinkers and activists whom Mr Bowen interviews tend the be at odds with their Salafi counterparts - advocates purist Sunni Islam associated with Saudi Arabia - which nowadays have a small but influential presence among Europe&#39;s Muslims.	The thinkers and activists whom Mr Bowen interviews tend to be at odds with their Salafi counterparts—advocates of the purist Sunni Islam associated with Saudi Arabia—who nowadays have a small but influential presence among Europe’s Muslims.
Cuba has a nascent blogging community, led by the popular commentator Yoani Sánchez, who often writes about how she and her husband are persecuted and harassed by government agents.	Cuba has a fledging blogging community, led by the popular commentator Yoani Sánchez, who often writes about how she and her husband are followed and harassed by government agents.
The ODS is removed at the request of the Prime Minister	ODS stands down at the request of the Prime Minister
So now all three commissioners are attacking us and saying we are going to give the best of it, while the offer made was precisely what they wanted.	So now all three commissioners are attacking us and saying that we're getting the best out of it, while the offer we put forward was just what they themselves wanted.
Some openly wept, others prayed, and families and friends held each other in the cold air.	Individuals openly wept, others prayed, and families and friends held each other in the frigid air.
Patients life can be extended significantly by a mixture of drugs that prevent HIV virus multiplies in the body.	Patients' lives can be greatly prolonged by a mixture of drugs which prevent the HIV virus from multiplying in the body.
We are the last places for New Year and Christmas.	We have the last few vacancies for New Year's Eve and Christmas.
Iraq finally opened its doors after six years of war and, instead of US companies, you have Asians and Europeans leading the way, said Ruba Husari, editor of Iraq Oil Forum, online news outlet.	Iraq finally opened its doors after six years of war, and instead of U.S. companies, you have Asians and Europeans leading the way, said Ruba Husari, the editor of Iraq Oil Forum, an online news outlet.
The specific charges have not been made public, but according to Cuban law, a Cuban citizen or a foreign visitor can be arrested for almost anything accusing them of &quot;dangerousness.&quot;	The specific charges have not been made public, though under Cuban law, a Cuban citizen or a foreign visitor can be arrested for nearly anything under the claim of "dangerousness."
This year, the cost of regional railways have been 200 million	This year's cost of regional railways: 200 million more
All key releases will come after the election, whoever wins, said Roger Bootle, Deloitte&#39;s financial advisor.	The all important announcements will come after the election, whoever wins it, added Roger Bootle, economic adviser to accountants Deloitte.
Jančura claims that his criticism of regional rail transport has already led to threats from a member of the ČSSD.	Jančura claims that his criticism of regional rail transport has already led to his being threatened by a member of the ČSSD.
For him and the other Marines who made the trip from Camp Johnson in Jacksonville, NC, to Arlington National Cemetery to decorate graves, the day was dedicated to pay tribute to the men and women who were once in your skin.	For him, and the other Marines who took the trip from Camp Johnson in Jacksonville, N.C. to Arlington National Cemetery to decorate graves, the day was about paying tribute to men and women who once stood in their shoes.
Then there would be a sudden shortage of vacancies, &quot;estimates Jandura.	Then there'll be a sudden shortage of vacancies," estimates Jandura.
Admiral Nelson&#39;s encounter as daring 14 years fighting midshipman only its aromatic white is certainly a myth, but others are true.	Admiral Nelson’s encounter as a plucky 14-year-old midshipman fighting only with the butt of his musket is surely a myth, but others are true.
HIV protease is the protein that is essential to the life cycle of the virus.	The HIV protease is the protein of the HIV virus, which is essential to the life-cycle of the virus.
This year, regional trains cost 200 million.	This year, regional trains are costing 200 million more.
Treasury Minister Stephen Timms denies the tax increases and spending cuts outlined were &quot;a drop in the ocean&quot; compared to what was needed.	Treasury minister Stephen Timms denied the tax rises and spending cuts outlined were a "drop in the ocean" compared to what was needed.
The budget also has been criticized by Klaus.	The budget has also been criticised by Klaus.
For him and the other Marines who had the trip of Camp Johnson in Jacksonville, NC Arlington National Cemetery to decorate graves, the day was to pay tribute to the men and women who once stood in their shoes.	For him, and the other Marines who took the trip from Camp Johnson in Jacksonville, N.C. to Arlington National Cemetery to decorate graves, the day was about paying tribute to men and women who once stood in their shoes.
Brighton is a very exciting and fantastically creative place and we are trying to try and represent through spirituality &quot;.	Brighton is such a fantastically creative and vibrant place and we are trying to try and represent that through spirituality."
The only threat was that if we do not stop this, we could lose our license bus service.	The only threat was that if we don't stop this, we could lose our bus licence.
In the Czech Republic, the joint stock company CEPS is the exclusive operator of the transport system electricity (power lines 220/400 kV)	In the Czech Republic, the joint stock company Čeps is the exclusive operator of transmission systems and 400 kV and 220 kV power lines.
He got Europe to promise five thousand, although initially had counted ten.	He managed to squeeze a promise out of Europe for another 5 thousand, even though he himself was originally counting on 10.
Ironically it is in the waters north of the two hunting nations that the ice will last longer.	Ironically it is in the waters towards the north of those two hunting nations that the ice will last longest.
Parents paid 1600 crowns or more per vaccination.	Parents paid 1600 crowns or more per vaccination.
He claims the deficit is too high, worsening the public funding crisis.	He claims the deficit is too high, which is worsening the public funding crisis.
In theory, the three main political parties unconditionally support this view.	In theory, the three main political parties buy into this vision.
The situation on the ground deteriorated sharply last Wednesday when about 400 workers held a spontaneous strike to protest against the incessant overtime.	The situation at the plant deteriorated sharply last Wednesday when some 400 workers held a spontaneous strike to protest against the incessant overtime.
VMware is now working with European and US operators to test series smartphone virtualisation and should reach customers sometime in 2012.	VMware is now working with European and American operators to test smartphone virtualisation and the sets should reach customers sometime during 2012.
According Jančura this is illegal and goes against the principles of the European Court of Justice.	According to Jančura this is illegal and in contravention of the principles of the European Court of Justice.
A team of German and Czech scientists have been testing a new compound that can slow the spread of HIV in the body.	A team of Czech and German scientists has been testing a new compound which can slow the spread of the HIV virus in the body.
He is now under arrest and faces a sentence of up to three years in prison.	He is now under arrest and faces up to three years in prison.
On a day when little happened in the climate talks UN-sponsored, thousands of activists walked across the city holding banners in English saying &quot;There is no planet B&quot; and one in Spanish saying, &quot;The Earth says , &#39;enough.&#39; &quot;	On a day when little happened in the U.N.-sponsored climate talks, thousands of activists walked across the city holding banners in English saying "There is No Planet B" and one in Spanish declaring, "The Earth is Saying, 'Enough.'
Barack Obama becomes the fourth American president to receive the Nobel Peace Prize	Barack Obama becomes the fourth American president to receive the Nobel Peace Prize
The House gave extra money for the salaries of public employees for social services, and for direct payments to farmers.	The House gave extra money for the salaries of state employees, for social services, and for direct payments to farmers.
Big companies like Chevron and ConocoPhillips, which have cultivated close ties with the Iraqi Oil Ministry and have provided technical advice in recent years, escabuyó empty-handed.	Major U.S. firms such as Chevron and ConocoPhillips, which have cultivated close ties with the Iraqi Oil Ministry and have provided technical advice in recent years, walked away empty-handed.
The Tories Alistair Darling told that &quot;spoiled&quot; an opportunity to show that he meant to cut the deficit by delaying decisions until after the election.	The Tories said Alistair Darling "blew" an opportunity to show he was serious about cutting the deficit by delaying decisions until after the election.
The United States will not make a deal without the major developing country step up and take action, Stern, who also complained that the text has not done enough to ensure the cuts could be verified by outside observers said.	The United States is not going to do a deal without the major developing countries stepping up and taking action, said Stern, who also complained that the text did not do enough to make sure the cuts could be verified by outside observers.
Although not complete a test or launch without errors, the Russian Defense Ministry considers only six of thirteen failed tests.	Even though not one test launch has been completely error-free, the defence ministry consider only six out of the thirteen tests to have been failures.
Roger Bootle, financial advisor to the Deloitte audit	Roger Bootle, Deloitte
Bowen interview thinkers and activists who are often at odds with their Salafi counterparts, advocates purist Sunni Islam associated with Saudi Arabia, which nowadays have a small but influential presence among Europe&#39;s Muslims.	The thinkers and activists whom Mr Bowen interviews tend to be at odds with their Salafi counterparts—advocates of the purist Sunni Islam associated with Saudi Arabia—who nowadays have a small but influential presence among Europe’s Muslims.
This year, volunteers placed more than 16,000 wreaths on the grave in Arlington Cemetery, areas at the Pentagon, graves at Fayetteville National Cemetery in Arkansas, Battery Park in New York City and the memorial of United Airlines Flight 93 Shanksville, Pa.	This year, volunteers placed more than 16,000 wreaths on the graves at Arlington Cemetery, areas at the Pentagon, graves at Fayetteville National Cemetery in Arkansas, Battery Park in New York City and on the memorial site for United Airlines Flight 93 in Shanksville, Pa.
Cellphones and laptops are legal in Cuba, although they are new and coveted commodities in a country where the average wage of a worker government $ 15 a month.	Cellphones and laptops are legal in Cuba, though they are new and coveted commodities in a country where the average wage of a government worker is $15 a month.
I do not mean to imply that waste not classified in Brno.	I don't mean to imply that garbage isn't sorted in Brno.
In recent years, managers of Population have gradually softened its stance on the one-child policy.	In recent years, population officials have gradually softened their stance on the one-child policy.
Filipino gunmen still hold more than 50 people; children have been released	Filipino gunmen still holding more than 50 people, Children have been released
The company works on customer projects as the United States Agency for International Development and the World Bank.	The company works on projects for clients such as the U.S. Agency for International Development and the World Bank.
In July, Shanghai became the first Chinese city to launch an aggressive campaign to encourage more births.	In July, Shanghai became the first Chinese city to launch an aggressive campaign to encourage more births.
Exxon-Mobil and Occidental Petroleum Inc. were the only American companies that reached agreements with the ministry.	Exxon-Mobil and Occidental Petroleum Inc. were the only American companies that reached deals with the ministry.
According to one of the spectators, who asked not to be identified because he participates in the climate talks, activists sporting masks and black teams set off several explosives near Copenhagen, which is the main channel near several ministries.	According to one bystander, who asked not to be identified because he is involved in the climate talks, activists sporting masks and black outfits set off several explosives near Copenhagen's main canal, which is nearby several ministries.
My only goal was to play this role as realistic as possible, Freeman said.	My only aim was to play this role as realistically as possible, said Freeman.
No one should never forget why we are free ... my son paid for it, he said.	Nobody should ever forget why we're free. . .my son paid for that, she said.
Rhee said the District needs to continue trajando to find better ways to address the needs of students with poor academic performance.	Rhee said the District needs to continue to find better ways to address the needs of low-achieving students.
While three years ago he himself criticized Bush&#39;s idea of ​​sending new troops to help the beleaguered civil war in Iraq as &quot;an irresponsible decision with catastrophic consequences.&quot;	While three years ago he himself criticised Bush's idea to send fresh troops to help in the beleaguered civil war in Iraq as "an irresponsible decision with catastrophic consequences".
Recycling bins in Brno do not smell very well	Recycling containers don't smell so good in Brno
Last year, people 60 and older accounted for nearly 22 percent of residents surveyed in Shanghai, while the birthrate was less than one child per couple.	Last year, people 60 and older accounted for almost 22 percent of Shanghai's registered residents, while the birthrate was less than one child per couple.
The price of tickets Eliska now depends on the distance traveled, whereas, previously, it was a flat rate of 160 crowns to travel through all the cities of the region.	The eLiška price will now depend on the distance travelled, whereas, previously, it was a flat rate of 160 crowns to travel between any regional cities.
The generals are optimistic about this almost fifty percent success rate and keep insisting that the &quot;Bulava&quot; will eventually fly smoothly and even take up to ten hypersonic nuclear blocks weighing a total of 1.15 tons.	The generals are optimistic about this almost fifty-percent success rate and keep insisting that the "Bulava" will eventually fly smoothly and will even carry up to ten hypersonic nuclear blocks weighing a total of 1.15 tons.
Political institutions, no matter how formally could be established, it will not be more than a vacuum in which the patriarchal tribal relations will run wild.	Political institutions, no matter how formally they might be set up, will be nothing more than a Potemkin village in which patriarchal tribal relations will run wild.
Funeral of Margaret Thatcher	Queen, leaders to bid farewell to Thatcher
Finish the ceasefire in Gaza	Ceasefire in Gaza underway
Glasgow vote &#39;yes&#39; to independence of Scotland	Brexit will lead to clamour for Scottish independence, says Sturgeon
Protests in Hong Kong become festive after the chaos of tear gas	Hong Kong protests escalate
Golden Dawn leader in custody pending trial	Golden Dawn leader remanded in custody
Iran and the IAEA nuclear talks resume	Iran, IAEA resume nuclear talks in Tehran
China&#39;s generous offer to 1MDB reap big benefits for Malaysia	China keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by Russian President
5 things you should know for your New Day - Friday, August 28	5 things to know for your New Day -- Wednesday, July 15
59 killed in the attack on the mall, says a minister of Kenya	Two Indians among 39 killed in Kenya mall attack
South Korean soldier kills comrades and flees	South Korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with North Korea
A NATO soldier was killed in a Taliban attack in Afghanistan	NATO soldier killed in Afghan attack
Cameron calls for more action on the crisis after the chaos immigrants in Calais	Camerwoman fired for tripping up fleeing migrants
Divers recover bodies from the sunken ferry; the number of victims exceeds 50	South Korea sunken ferry death toll 'reaches 50'
Obama will conclude his historic visit to Kenya addressing the nation	Obama to close historic Kenya visit with national address
Occupied Palestinian Territory: Israeli forces kill one Palestinian and injuring another covi south of Nablus	occupied Palestinian territory: IOF Arrest Two Minors on Gaza Border and Abuse One of Them
More than 60 killed in an Iraqi funeral	At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing
Dies British actor Bob Hoskins at 71	Actor Bob Hoskins Dead at 71
US presses Iraq on reports of arms deals with Iran	US presses Iraq on reports of arms deal with Iran
The head of the Sinaloa Cartel captured in Mexico	Mexico's Sinaloa drug chief arrested
Obama: Ebola threat to &quot;Global and Regional Security&quot;	Obama: Ebola outbreak also a security threat
Menendez faces possible corruption charges	Benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case
The christening of Prince George of Cambridge is ongoing	Prince George christened by archbishop in London
Iraqi forces end the military siege of the city Shia	Iraqi forces retake 2 military bases in Anbar
Baltimore police applies the third night curfew	Metro police to get fresh training in crowd handling at police academy
Ashley Madison cheats uncovered	Ashley Madison users facing extortion threats
World stocks rise on Fed hopes to maintain stimulus	Fed expected to maintain stimulus
China&#39;s stock market will open on Monday with values	Chinese shares close lower Thursday
Dana&#39;s brother, John Brown, acquitted of two counts of sexual abuse	Court clears Dana's brother of all counts of historic sex abuse
thousand estimated dead after a typhoon devastates Philippines	Over 100 Dead as Typhoon Slams Central Philippines
Experts claim that the minimum alcohol prices &quot;save 860 lives a year&quot;	Minimum alcohol pricing would save 860 lives a year, study finds
Iran is optimistic about the possibility of reaching a nuclear agreement, US considerably less	Historic nuclear deal reached; Iran no longer under sanction
Hosni Mubarak will be released within a few days, according to his lawyer	Egypt's Mubarak to be freed from jail, lawyer says
The Singapore Exchange opens on Thursday with a rise of 0.19%	Singapore shares open 0.28% lower on Thursday
Iran is ready to resume oil exports to Egypt	Global pressure on US to loosen oil exports ban
Maldives begin to vote in the disputed presidential election	Crisis-hit Maldives holds new presidential poll
Israeli forces detain two Palestinians during arrest raids night.	Israeli forces detain Palestinian MP in Hebron
UN vote on resolution MH17	UN vote on Aust MH17 resolution
surveys the last round of presidential elections in Afghanistan open	Afghanistan begins run-off votes for Presidential election
The Premier League clubs outside to avoid the problems of the Champions League	Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League
Obama begins his trip to Africa in Senegal	Obama begins Africa tour in Senegal
Somali citizen arrested after an attempted rape	Bali arrest over attempted schoolie rape
The Treasury proposes an increase of income tax of 1.5% on the budget	Treasury proposal sees 1.5% increase in income tax
Aircraft accident at the edge of the Vietnam airport	Two planes nearly collide at central Vietnam airport
Five killed in a shootout in Saudi Arabia	3 killed, 4 injured in Los Angeles shootings
A 4.1 magnitude earthquake shakes southwest China	Strong 6.0-magnitude quake hits northern California
Malays voting polls for stability or change	Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
Prince William makes an appeal to FIFA	Prince William begins Japan tour
Hundreds of Iranian soldiers are concentrated in Syria	Hundreds of Ukranian troops retreat across border to Russia
3 wounded during the attack launched by gunmen in Kabul	Gunmen Attack Shi'ite Mosque In Kabul
Why Mitch McConnell is not as doomed as this survey you could make believe	Mitch McConnell tied in new poll. Does he miss Ashley Judd yet?
The withdrawal of heavy weapons in stalemate in eastern Ukraine	Rebel weaponry cut back in eastern Ukraine
The thief stole jewelry Cannes exposure Leviev hotel	Cannes' second jewellery heist in months
The Egyptians say &#39;yes&#39; to the new constitution	Egypt regime hails passage of new constituion
More than 2,000 migrants rescued from wooden boats on the Mediterranean	More than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in Mediterranean
