Unfortunately ٳn another goal for the European constitution will be a sharp contrast, and thus will not be able to vote for him, of course.	Unfortunately ٳn ultimate goal of the European constitution will be exactly the opposite of Allowadkhh and we can not approve it.
Arbitrary ٳn right government in a rigid constitution is specific for each property tyranny.	ٳn right for the government to draw its own constitution ٳattabattiya is a unique identifier for each tyranny.
ٳn government&#39;s right to put aside the arbitrary constitution is the property of knowledge of tyranny.	ٳn government&#39;s right to renounce the Constitution, is an arbitrary definition of tyranny outstanding.
Certainly one can, hoping that more and wishes improvement but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	They can actually wishing for something more and better, and I Odhan it&#39;s a good start.
For me and for my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would like to ask you, Madam President, ٳrsal Parliament&#39;s condolences to the families of the victims of both Brittany and Marin Bgalsaia, home to the majority of the victims.	Madam President, I would like to ask you on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my behalf sent a message of condolence by the Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in Brittany as Marin City Galsaia arises where the bulk of the victims.
One can already be as he wants more, and in the improvement, but I think frankly that we have a good start.	One can already as he wants more and better, but I think a big frankly it&#39;s a good start.
Thank you dear Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr. Commissioner.
ٳn there are explanations for the crisis to rise not only in France and ٳnma in other Member States are also mad cow disease occurs.	It is necessary that it should clearly identify the causes of my Alٳsabh increase in cases of mad cow disease not only in France and ٳnma in other Member States as well.
Mr. President, the position of the probe of the right of access to documents can be discerned from the internal handbook sent in atheist th of October Modvi Committee to explain to them how to deal with the demands of the European members of the parliament to get the documents.	Mr. President, we can observe the position of the commission of inquiry with regard to access public documents read Dakhli evidence that has been awarding me in the atheist th of October with the Commission officials to explain the way they should deal respectfully with requests from Member regarding access to documents.
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything and that&#39;s why competition is not completely restricted and should not have to be.	I insist on this point because the market can not regulate everything, and it&#39;s due to this, there is no and there can not be a competition without borders.
ٳma, it is not certain in any way, that the proposed definition of fair price is to unplug it from any other because the definition of the multiple definitions that are currently used by the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	ٳma is not certain ٳtalaca that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another because of different definitions of the definition of MI is currently used in the Member States is the inadequacy and insufficiency.
As ٳnna voted against the text calls ٳly inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the recent Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against requesting the inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the future treaty, which will be adopted in Nice.
Seventy-five members of the Senate, including twenty-four Republicans, have signed the letter.	Among those Qao on fifty-seven are members of the Senate, including a twenty-four Republican message.
I find it strange that people are trying, so early, tie the hands of the Commission in the proposal Analq guideline, while they are demanding them to submit a Green Paper regarding the current situation with regard to health insurance plan and supplementary Alakhtari.	I find it a little odd bind the Commission now Bٳguetrah decision and to ask them, at the same time, the drafting of a green paper on the current state of the optional insurance, insurance supplementary patients.
I would urge the French Presidency to do its utmost to overcome this division because it is extremely destructive.	I ٳnna urge the French Presidency to do everything in its power to heal the rift is particularly devastating.
Certainly the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution issued on March 16, 2000, what are the initiatives made by the Presidency of the European Council to take into account to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and complete application of UN plan for peace?	As regard to the European Parliament in its resolution issued on March 16, 2000 and which are initiatives, it is intended through which the Council could play a more active role for the overall application and complete plan for the United Nations to ensure peace?
Mr. President, I want to focus myself to Mrs. Mayar and report suspect that his words clearly selected and placed well with each other.	- Mr. President, in my speech I will focus on Ms. Mayar report, which I find a good blueprint on the level of ideas and clearly.
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say some words about the joint resolution, which will pass the course.	Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak about the joint resolution, which obviously we voted on it.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this call for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our board, that this legacy of nationalist era can send last ٳly.	I encourage Prague to take this message, the call, this request for dialogue, to work and to succeed in it so that, together with the Council, to the effects of the national period abandoned.
There must be honestly focal point for national agencies network, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the level of individual regions.	There must be intelligent network for coordination between national agencies, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the local level.
While dragging the resolution, he expressed his conviction that this Parliament he would make himself heard Oktherٳma devoted, in the prevalence of the Council of Nice, a decision specific and detailed account of these important issues and the difficult international conference instead of dealing with them in a single resolution, which includes all other points on the Council agenda.	By pulling our decision, I am convinced, however, that Parliament was Bٳmkanh do more to make its voice heard with regard to the European Council in Nice, detailed decision and specifically on these topics that are important and very difficult Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealing with them in ٳtar unified decision also includes all other items on the agenda of the Council.
Council of Europe, such as the Human Rights Court, has valuable experience regarding these forms of control and we can build on them.	Just like the European Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has considerable experience with regard to these forms of control we can take it as a basis.
We have started to exchange ideas on this matter and which ones show that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We started in ٳjra discussions on this subject, and is Majolh clear that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
First, simplify and clarify the treaties.	First, to simplify and clarify treaties.
Without a doubt, there would have been better not to have an agreement at all, rather than lean Agreement and correctly in this case, that the US proposal is the suggestion of the third degree, and he was totally unacceptable for Europe.	Without a doubt, it was better that there be an agreement only there to be an agreement on this bad, and in this case, the American proposal was completely proposal to cede unacceptable for Europe.
Joint debate has been closed.	Joint debate has been closed.
ٳma we want to help Indonesia must act now with money and deeds, and not just words.	ٳma we want to help Indonesia must now intervene hopes and activities, and not just words.
This is also the position recommended by the scheduled and shared by the European People&#39;s Party.	ٳnh defender with him by the rapporteur and shared by the European People&#39;s Party position.
Clearly, there are explanations for the crisis to the high incidence of mad cow disease not only in France, and ٳnma in other Member States as well.	We must identify the reasons for this rise in the incidence of mad cow disease not only in France but also in the Member States.
Finally, and most ٳtharh controversial, the Committee called ٳly strongly ٳjra use the fast-track to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is dramatically more controversial topic, the Committee called ٳly strongly ٳjra use the fast-track to implement this legislation.
Will continue to pressure and they are consolidating their position that Athsalon revenue from the delivery of mail above 150 grams.	Continued pressure, the money they earn from the distribution outside the limits of 150 grams allows them to strengthen their position.
ٳmakna want to help Indonesia must act now with money and deeds, and not just words.	ٳma we want to help Indonesia must now speak of money and concrete actions, not just words.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this call for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our board, that this legacy of nationalist era can send last ٳly.	I call on Prague to seize this mark this call, this request for dialogue, to take successive actions and to abide by that contact with this Parliament this ancient national monuments can be abandoned.
We must identify the causes of the rise in the incidence of mad cow disease not only in France but also in the Member States.	Nevertheless, I would like to say to the Council in the afternoon of this day that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States, and that the bulk of these funds are managed in the Member States.
These goals, the goal of which is important, secondary, it will be the governing standard from which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.	These goals, the ultimate goal of which secondary objectives, will be the standard by which you will judge the future concrete proposals by the Commission.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress in the accession negotiations and therefore expansion.	He added that the European Council will discuss the state of progress in the accession negotiations and therefore expansion.
My party has serious reservations about Community law which applies to the sale of consumer products in exchange for applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has deep reservations about the organization of the sale of consumer goods through the legislation as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
So I think that this reconciliation is sustainable, but if this government that I found very courageously solution to the issue of the university and many of the issues, you need to clear signs of success and strong support, otherwise Peace throughout the region will be replaced threat.	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation can take, but the government, which I found very courageously solution to the issue of the university and many of the problems need to be clear signs of success also need strong support for fear that the threat to peace in the region.
ٳn there are explanations for the crisis to rise not only in France and ٳnma in other Member States are also mad cow disease occurs.	We must clearly define the reasons for the rise in the incidence of mad cow disease, not only in France but also in the Member States.
Certainly the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution issued on March 16, 2000, what are the initiatives made by the Presidency of the European Council to take into account to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and complete application of UN plan for peace?	Just as the European Parliament has called in its resolution March 16, 2000 Presidency of the European Council that they intend to take initiatives to play a more active for the full implementation of the UN plan for peace assurance role.
I wonder if the Commissioner has been designed any steps in this regard is clear that Kostunica sole legitimate representative of the team that deals with the European Union from this day.	I wonder if the Commissioner had presented steps that would make it possible to show that we consider Kunica legally elected representatives of the Serbian people as a partner with him and will address the European Union now.
Labeling of beef that has been agreed upon and which form the minimum labeling and which came into force two and a half years ago does not make it possible to track down the source of the animals enough and we were very slow to ban them specific materials.	Labeling of beef that has been adopted, which is the minimum labeling, in force for two and a half animal source is not tracking properly and I recently attended a little bit dangerous substances identified.
The aim of the annual review is to identify potential improvements.	The annual report is intended to identify potential improvements.
There is an urgent need following the recent attacks on the Greek minority Bhimra measures to promote democracy and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	Recent events against the Greek minority Bhimra made we need more binding measures to promote democratization, institution-building and respect for human rights in Albania.
I tell you loud and Wadah, Kostunica must give amnesty in the weeks or the next two months, but at the same time I strongly want to insert these lines in the budget: the democratic transition and reconstruction items, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political perspective or Mali.	I say this to you clearly, we must give chance to Kostunica, and therefore I hope that it will ensure an amnesty in the weeks or months ahead, but in the meantime, in political terms and in financial terms, the political conditions are linked to the inclusion of these two items The new budget and my name here democracy and reconstruction.
Finally, and in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces an integrated way to achieve equality through gender mainstreaming and through the general guidelines.	Finally, and in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces an integrated way to achieve equality through gender mainstreaming and general guidelines.
Knowledge of foreign languages ​​is acceptable as a tool to move.	It is recognized that the knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a prerequisite to move.
There must be honestly focal point for national agencies network, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the level of individual regions.	There must be intelligent network for coordination between national agencies, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the local level.
We have heard that the previous presidency of the Council first Hiklt then scrapped the Ministry of equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency had Hiklt then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
Parliament before the oral amendment.	Parliament before the oral amendment.
(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united European continent.	Mr. President, the expansion is necessary in order to build a strong and extended the continent of Europe.
On the situation in Burma.	On the situation in Burma.
French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, on this cooperation, this support, and for the warm reception you have given us.	This cooperation, but your support and warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thanks you.
He studied this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world is in chaos, and we must begin a series of changes to put them in the right situation.	The lesson that must be held by the Council in its discussion of this morning is that we Majaburon to conclude that the laws are freely throughout the world, in a state of chaos, and we must linger consider their mission to bring order.
Unfortunately, another goal of the European constitution will be exactly the opposite, and as a result, we can not, of course, to vote for him.	Unfortunately, the last goal of the European constitution will be a renewal, and vice versa, of course, we can not agree.
A step in the right direction and that the European Union has been striving to achieve for a long time now is ٳnchae temporary unit for judicial cooperation.	The establishment of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament has been trying to achieve for a long time.
Cloture	Cloture
And those who refuse to enjoy the same freedom of movement like a traveler outside the car.	Those who refuse to enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement that the rear passenger seat of a car.
Worse still, I think, is the need to issue a warning that the court ruled in their favor can only be a set of comforting words and does not occur any real change in their lives.	In my opinion there is no worse than having ٳalam people to be the theme in their favor could be a set of words and have no worries their presence.
During the withdrawal of the resolution, however, express my conviction that this Parliament has been able to make himself heard more if, in anticipation Nice Council, he had devoted a specific resolution and detail of these important issues and the difficult of the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealing with them in a single resolution that includes all other points on the agenda of the Council.	By pulling our decision, I am, however, convinced that the Parliament could have done more to devote his voice, given the Nice Council, appointed a separate and important topics and extremely difficult decision if the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of being treated within the framework of a single resolution also includes all the points the other on the agenda of the Council.
I have to be impressed with the report of the auditors that he had been a little more user-friendly and to provide a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per season.	I had also impressed by the report of the auditor was a little easy to use and it has made some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations for each chapter.
We are not condemn Slovakia to the second section, and it makes sense that it should be interested in joining together to the Czech Republic.	Slovakia did not judge them to stay in the second set and it is logical that they wish to join the Union at the same time, such as the Czech Republic.
Welcome the proposed measures in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and approved by the General Committee regarding ٳjraat registration for NGOs to participate in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	Welcome the proposed preparations in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and assessed by the General Assembly regarding how the adoption of NGOs in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
This vague area, and it is possible that more complex preparations can remain in operation, and this is one point on which relate to modifications that we had Jdolnaha.	It is not clear with respect to this point, and it is impossible to be able to keep under the work more complicated measures, particularly with regard to this point of the amendments Jdolnaha.
Mr. Gesson, Greek ships have sunk without ٳnmar when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships were ٳgragaha, without any storm around, Mr. Gesson.
Unfortunately ٳn another goal for the European constitution will be a sharp contrast, and thus will not be able to vote for him, of course.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of the European constitution will be the opposite, and it is clear that we can not support him.
It&#39;s the kind of future we would also like to see him in other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of this kind, which I hope other Member States in the Aruban Union.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the internal market currently insist there is no upper limit and not inferior to at least 7%.	The right to say that the Committee on Legal Affairs is continuing to the upper limit and maintain Al lowest rate, which can not be less than 7% is rejected.
There must be a truly national agencies to coordinate a network center, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	There must be intelligent network for coordination between national agencies, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the local level.
ٳnh he will be tried on the eighth of January on charges of attending a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which was denied.	They go on trial in January 8 next year signed accused of participating in a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France and already denied.
Labeling of beef that has been adopted, which is the minimum labeling, in force for two and a half animal source is not tracking properly and I recently attended a little bit dangerous substances identified.	Labeling of beef that was his, and which form the minimum labeling and which came into effect only two months and a half ago, it does not make it possible to return the animals to the proper source and stop us belatedly unacceptable hazardous substances identified.
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything and that&#39;s why competition is not completely restricted and should not have to be.	I stress this point because the market can find a solution for everything and, in this sense, there can not be any competition without limits.
Without a doubt, there would have been better not to have an agreement at all, rather than lean Agreement and correctly in this case, that the US proposal is the suggestion of the third degree, and he was totally unacceptable for Europe.	Without a doubt, it was better that there be no agreement on this bad and, in this case, the US Amegrah was a proposal with the assignment, which was not fully accepted by Europe.
It is heartening that the European Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favor of more openness.	Should welcome the fact that this council has been able to collect a large majority in favor of greater transparency of the amount.
On the contrary, the effect of national democracies is being reduced more and more because of more veto power constraints and the fact that the European Parliament has been and still gives more authority.	On the contrary, the power of national democracies shrunk in the hope of increasing the limit in the right of veto and to give more power than ever before in the EU Parliament.
We have heard that the previous presidency of the Council first Hiklt then scrapped the Ministry of equality.	We have heard that the former president returned the first structure can be dismantled and the Ministry of equal opportunities.
When we face the danger of potential, it is necessary to apply the precautionary principle.	When we face the danger of potential, it is necessary to apply the precautionary principle.
Welcome the proposed arrangements in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and approved by the General Assembly on the registration of NGOs procedures for registration in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	Welcome the proposed provisions in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and assessed by the General Assembly with respect to the adoption of a way non-governmental organizations and the setup process and the special session in September 2001.
When we face the danger of potential, it is important to apply the precautionary principles.	When we face the danger of an occupier, it is important to afford preventive principles.
These goals, the goal of which is important, secondary, it will be the governing standard from which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.	These goals, the goal of the initial objectives and the secondary, the cornerstone to allow us to judge the concrete proposals by the Commission.
On the situation in Burma.	On the situation in Burma.
During the withdrawal of the resolution, however, express my conviction that this Parliament has been able to make himself heard more if, in anticipation Nice Council, he had devoted a specific resolution and detail of these important issues and the difficult of the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealing with them in a single resolution that includes all other points on the agenda of the Council.	With the withdrawal of our decision, we express, however, expressed the conviction that our Parliament had been able to do what is best for its voice heard a praise devote, Nice Council, a specific resolution and detail are very important topics and very difficult of the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealing with them in the context of the decision only one also includes all other points on the agenda of the Council.
It is required to move quickly, so we decided to include this article on the agenda.	There is an urgent need for this reason we decided to have this put on the agenda.
This is what we have done: I have avoided the crisis in the budget to return to Article 272; and financial point of view and then preserved even if we had used the tool flexibility.	This is what we have done: I have avoided the crisis in the budget to return to Article 272; and financial point of view and then preserved even if we had used the tool flexibility.
I would urge the French Presidency to do its utmost to overcome this division because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently, the French Presidency to do all everything in its power to heal the rift is particularly devastating.
One can already be as he wants more, and in the improvement, but I think frankly that we have a good start.	Nradokther can already be said and what is best, but I think it&#39;s a good start.
I have to be impressed with the report of the auditors that he had been a little more user-friendly and to provide a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per season.	I had also impressed to see the Cour des Comptes report a little more user-friendly and it had little feet of clear recommendations, for example one or two recommendations for each chapter.
Secondly, say no to the idea of ​​the Big Bang to integrate the applicant countries at the same time as a large group, because it works against the principle that each country must be allowed to enter according to own merits.	Second, we must say &quot;no&quot; to the conventional notion that the Big Bang, and that at the same time, a large group of countries, because that would be in contradiction with the principle to accept the annexation of each country according to its considerations.
Given this situation, there is a need inescapable for greater participation and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Due to these facts, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is necessary.
My party has serious reservations about the Community law applicable to the sale of consumer goods in exchange for applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has serious reservations about Community law which applies to the sale of consumer products in exchange for applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
Given this situation, there is a need inescapable for greater participation and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with this situation, the need for greater participation and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is necessary.
So I think that this reconciliation is sustainable, but if this government that I found very courageously solution to the issue of the university and many of the issues, you need to clear signs of success and strong support, otherwise Peace throughout the region will be replaced threat.	That&#39;s why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, however, the government, which I found very courageously solution to the issue of Universities and for many of the problems we need a clear and strong signs of support and only peace is threatened in the region, inter.
When we face the danger of potential, it is necessary to apply the backup / precautionary / preventive principles.	When we face the danger of potential, it is important to put into practice the principle of precaution.
We have heard that the previous presidency of the Council first ٳaadh restructured and then scrapped the Ministry of equality.	We have heard that the previous presidential first ٳaadh restructuring and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united European continent.	(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united European continent.
Either to be in a club or to be outside, and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either to be a part of the club, or that we are not, and should therefore succumb to this decision.
If it appalling conditions when we consider the European Union itself is a hero of modern business practices.	It is a disgrace when Tdhan that the European Union creates a champion for modernization of economic life.
This is what might we have done, we have avoided an economic crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been preserved, although we have used the flexibility instrument.	It&#39;s what we have done, Ajtnebena budget crisis when we go back to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been preserved, even if we use the flexibility instrument.
Permits must follow concrete steps to track and freeze and seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	Permits must be followed by concrete actions to be familiar with and freeze and seize the crime products.
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I must say some words about the joint resolution, which will pass the course.	Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak about the joint resolution, which obviously will vote on it.
It is a question of the very utmost importance, which is strange attracted very little public attention.	The most urgent task, which is, however, have no interest in pulsed by the public.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this call for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our board, that this legacy of nationalist era can send last ٳly.	I call on Prague to seize this opportunity, this call, this request for dialogue, to continue research and to ensure that, together with the Council, these effects nationalist age can be abandoned.
Finally, and most ٳtharh controversial, the Committee called ٳly strongly ٳjra use the fast-track to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is something most controversial, the Commission has called sharply to use a fast track procedure for the application of this legislation.
There are, of course, a very important event, and it has been made beginning with the fourth class and given to how we will deal with it, but it is not entirely clear now whether we have succeeded in finding a solution to this, partly because the Council refuses to be his sufficient contribution to the process of thinking associated.	There are of course, very important point is the fact that we have begun in the fourth category, with their approach, but we do not yet know very well if we succeed in finding a solution to the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate enough in deep thought.
So I think that this reconciliation is sustainable, but if this government that I found very courageously solution to the issue of the university and many of the issues, you need to clear signs of success and strong support, otherwise Peace throughout the region will be replaced threat.	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation can withstand However, the government has started with great courage and found a solution with the question in the Universities and many other problems, you need to clear signs of success, as well as strong support, under penalty of the vision of peace is threatened as a whole in the region.
This is also the position recommended by the scheduled and shared by the European People&#39;s Party.	This is a defender with him by the rapporteur and shared by the European People&#39;s Party position.
Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.	Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.
Parliament accepted the oral amendment.	Parliament accepted the oral amendment.
Third, acceptance of enlargement and the positive prospects States separately and the EU as a whole depends Osasa- and Denmark proved this- the dismantling of social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Third, acceptance of enlargement and the positive prospects of the various countries and the European Union inter - example of Denmark is there to show that the Na- eliminate the social and democratic deficit for European policy.
That has been changed because of Alٳntqadat, especially from Ireland and France, and a different focus has been shedding now by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer adviser: It is now being portrayed as a fee to the user for all, including British lorry drivers.	Facing criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer adviser, he gave a different explanation: ٳnha now is a tax on all users, including heavy vehicles to transport goods of British drivers.
(The meeting was suspended at 14:06 am and resumed at 15:00)	(Meeting, stalled with 14:06 been taken back on at 15:00)
Question No. 6 through (H-0886/00):	Question No. 6 through (H-0886/00):
Knowledge of foreign languages ​​is acceptable as a requirement is necessary to navigate.	It is agreed that knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a necessary precondition to navigate.
As ٳnna voted against the text calls ٳly inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the recent Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against requesting the inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the future treaty, which will be adopted in Nice.
ٳn worst situation is when the women concerned also be comers from distant countries, who took work out of desperation because they have no other way to continue to support themselves.	The situation is getting worse, when it comes to women distant countries that have accepted this work of necessity and that do not have an alternative to continue to satisfy the basic needs.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress in the accession negotiations and therefore expansion.	He added that the European Council will also discuss the state of progress in the accession negotiations and therefore expansion.
ٳma we want to help Indonesia must act now with money and deeds, and not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must now get involved with money and concrete activities, and not just words.
Council of Europe, as is the case on its outlook for the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience in such forms of censorship and that we can build on them.	Just like the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has a particularly strong with regard to these forms of censorship experience. We can take them as a basis.
Finally, and in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces an integrated way to achieve equality through gender mainstreaming and through the general guidelines.	Finally, and in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces an integrated way to achieve equality through gender mainstreaming and general guidelines.
Through the first discussions on this file, which was held at the European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has made a commitment of the Member States of the sequential ٳjra paths aims to develop what we might call the European Police efficiency is based on the highest duty standards, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and the efficiency the war against crime.	From first thoughts on this subject, which took place at the European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, it is committed to the Committee of Member States to strengthen the work for the development of what we consider to be a European police culture, built on the highest standards with regard to ethical principles, respect for citizens&#39; rights and freedoms and efficiency in the fight against crime.
Action is needed quickly, so we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is an urgent need for this reason we decided to put this on the agenda.
Mr. President, I want to focus myself to Mrs. Mayar and report suspect that his words clearly selected and placed well with each other.	Mr. President, in my speech must focus on Ms. Alemiasar self-determination, which I think is an insightful and clearly well planned.
This is the initial struggle in order to ensure that the proof of the fundamental rights was put into force in our political decisions.	It is a priority of our struggle even prove fundamental rights is put into effect in the political choices.
ٳn this kind of future that I would like to see it in other countries in the European Union.	It&#39;s the evolution of this kind, which I hope in other countries in the European Union.
Those who stand aside against exactly enhanced cooperation has been and still give them the same freedom, such as rear-seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse to enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that the rear passenger seat of a car.
My party has serious reservations about Community law which applies to the sale of consumer products in exchange for applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party expressed reservations about regulating the sale of consumer goods through the Community legislation, also offers reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
There must be honestly focal point for national agencies network, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the level of individual regions.	There must be intelligent network for coordination between national agencies, which, in turn, will have to move and coordinate a network of centers of discrimination in food safety. At the local level.
Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.	Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.
A step in the right direction and that the EU was ٳlleha been struggling for a long time now, is ٳnchae temporary unit for judicial cooperation.	- The creation of a unit for temporary judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, it is not that the European Parliament aims to long ago.
We are not condemn Slovakia to the second section, and it makes sense that it should be interested in joining together to the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not to stay in the second set and it makes sense that they want to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
When we face the danger of potential, it is important to apply the precautionary principles.	When we face the danger of potential, it is important to put into practice the precautionary principle.
This shameful situation the case when we consider that the EU itself is the champion of modernization of economic life.	It&#39;s a disgrace when we believe that the European Union presents himself as a hero modernization of economic life.
I think that France has set a great example by taking in the end of this step.	I find, for example, a model that France will be designed to take this step.
Mr. President, we have taken a great deal of care during preparation Karamano report of the Committee for the freedoms and rights of citizens, the Ministry of Justice and Interior.	Mr. President, the Committee on freedoms and rights of citizens, the Ministry of Justice and the Interior have been prepared with great care Karamano report.
This is also the position recommended by the scheduled and shared by the European People&#39;s Party.	ٳnh defender with him by the rapporteur and shared by the European People&#39;s Party position.
(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united European continent.	(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united European continent.
Given this situation, there is a need inescapable for greater participation and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	In light of these facts, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is necessary.
A matter of urgency ٳma, ٳn supplement the commissioners of the Secretariat of the Joint Group of the Committee should be strengthened at the earliest opportunity in order to ensure that all the proposed chapters, which are general in scope when it is considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299 (2) should be It is simplified through a paper identifying side effects.	Thus, it is urgent that the workforce in a range between departments that are quickly strengthened poodle General Secretariat of the Commission so that all the proposals of law and public domain to be accompanied by handled by the college on the basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, for a detailed statement of the effect.
There are, of course, a very important event, and it has been made beginning with the fourth class and given to how we will deal with it, but it is not entirely clear now whether we have succeeded in finding a solution to this, partly because the Council refuses to be his sufficient contribution to the process of thinking associated.	There are, of course, an important point is the fact that we have begun the fourth broadband line, with his approach, but we do not know until now is very good if we can solve the problem, especially that the Council does not want to contribute enough to the development of ideas.
French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, on this cooperation, this support, and for the warm reception you have given us.	This cooperation, for your support, and also to welcome you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks you.
First, simplify and clarify the treaties.	First, simplify and clarify the treaties.
There must be a truly national agencies to coordinate a network center, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	There must be honestly focal point for national agencies network, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the level of individual regions.
Alsidgesson, Greek ships have sunk without prior ٳnmar when there were no storms in the area.	Greek ships have sunk, without there having a smaller storm in her neck wood, Mr. Gesson.
2000/0794 / B5 through Mr. Medina Oorothyqa, Mr. Nkur and Mr. Fava (fava), on behalf of the Group of the European Socialist parties about the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;	2000/0794 / B5 through Mr. Medina Oorothyqa, Mr. Nkur and Mr. Fava (fava), on behalf of the Group of the European Socialist parties about the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;
Above all, if there is to the owner of a single company or a company with fewer than 250 employees, and has a project, they do not need any provision for 120% loan guarantees in the form of lands for funding, as it should be supposed to obtain financing, depending on the good idea.	Above all, when there is a company of one owner or the presence of a company with fewer than 250 employees, and has a project, you should take advantage of the funding not only to ensure 120%, but also depending on a simple idea.
Before Parliament amendment verbally.	Parliament accepted the amendment verbally.
On the other hand, we would like to give us the opportunity to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro, Yugoslavia within ourselves, and recognize the principles of true democracy.	In addition, we would like to prove in Europe, we can develop Deznorah equality in Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia by recognizing the true principles of democracy.
I say loud and clear: &quot;Here we must give Kostunica chance, and I hope that the general amnesty given in the weeks or months ahead, but at the same time I would like to provide an outline of these budgets, the new task of democratization and reconstruction, accompanied by political conditions and political and financial perspective. &quot;	I would like to tell you clearly that it must be given the opportunity to Kostunica, and for this we hope that there will be seeking a general amnesty during the coming weeks or months, and in the meantime, I hope in political terms and financial offer associated with the introduction of these two new items in the budget and political conditions, namely democracy and reconstruction.
And we must speak with one voice jerky to the World Trade Organization	We must speak with one voice jerky to the World Trade Organization.
Marking of beef that has been agreed upon, and is the minimum labeling, and did not come into force until two months and a half, does not make it possible to trace the origin of the animals, and we were very slow to prevent materials where certain dangers.	Marking the beef, which was decided, and is the minimum labeling that were into effect two months ago and a half, does not make it possible to trace the origin of the animals properly, and be very late, and the prevention of certain materials which Okhtalr.
Without a doubt, it was better that there is no agreement at all from the presence of a weak agreement and true, and in this case, it was the American proposal, a proposal of the third degree, and one proposal is totally unacceptable in Europe.	Without a doubt, best not to get any agreement from having the wrong deal, and in this case, the US proposed fell into the water, which is completely unacceptable for Europe.
Acceptable knowledge of foreign languages ​​as a necessary requirement to navigate.	May know foreign languages ​​is a necessary precondition with mobility.
Welcomes members of the working party in the United Kingdom, a group of international socialists, the adoption of its contribution to the ongoing work of the Intergovernmental Committee, and the enhanced cooperation without the approval of all the details.	Members of the British Labour Party for a PS A, welcomes the support and contribute to the work of the IGC, and closer cooperation without adhering perfectly with all these details.
Mr. President, I want to focus myself to Mrs. Alemiar report, I think he formulated a clear and consistent terms.	Mr. President, I will focus myself to Mrs. Alemiar report, I find it a deliberate and clearly identified.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favor of more openness.	We should be happy that Parliament has succeeded in gathering a large majority in favor of more transparency.
A budget heading to fund mine clearance and prevention programs for many years now.	Budget line for mine-clearance programs and prevention for years.
Making them heavily dependent on loans.	Development which rely heavily on borrowed capital.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a majority of more openness Kberhlsaleh.	Necessary, to be happy for the success of Parliament in mobilizing a large majority in favor of greater transparency.
French presidency, thank you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation and for your support, and also for the warm welcome you have given us.	Lhz cooperation, for this support, and also to welcome you, Madam President, ladies and MEPs, the French presidency, thank you.
There is an urgent need, in the wake of the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratic standards and standards to strengthen institutions, and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent events against the Greek minority in Himara, the essential need to strengthen democratic standards, and strengthening of institutions, respect for human rights in Albania.
From the first discussions on this file, which was held at the European level, the initiative of the European Parliament, awarded the committee members&#39; commitment to pursue the course of action for the development of what we might call the European police culture that is based on the highest standards of service, and respect for the rights and freedoms of citizens, and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first ideas on this issue, which took place at the European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, and the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote the work in order to develop what could be considered the European police culture based on the highest Almaierfi ​​the field of ethics, and respect for human rights and freedoms, and effectiveness in The fight against crime .
And this is also the position advocated by the decision, with the participation of the European People&#39;s Party.	This is the position advocated by the decision, and supported by the European People&#39;s Party.
Acceptable knowledge of foreign languages ​​as a necessary requirement to navigate.	Accepted that knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a necessary precondition to navigate.
Accepted that knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a necessary precondition to navigate.	I find it a little strange that the Commission now forced to propose a decision, and to ask them at the same time put a green paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary health insurance.
But I want to say to Parliament this afternoon, we should not lose sight that the European Union spends only 1% of GDP, and Adaralktar than that in the Member States.	However, I would like to say to the House of Representatives this afternoon, we should not lose sight that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States, and that most of these funds are managed in the member states.
The aim of the annual review to identify these potential improvements.	The annual report aims to determine the potential of these improvements.
These are our priorities, we fight to ensure that the fundamental rights, and confirmation into effect in political decisions.	This is a struggle for the rights a priority in the political choices confirmation.
First, simplify and clarify these treaties.	In the beginning, you should simplify and clarify these treaties.
And there is still a great deal of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts, and what are the measures that must be taken.	We should know today, given that we are still in a state of uncertainty, scientific data and measures to be taken.
And I emphasize this point; because the market can not regulate everything, and that&#39;s why competition is not without any restrictions, nor should it be.	And I emphasize this point; because the market can not regulate everything, and in this context, it can not compete without limits.
If we are in the club or outside, it is important and, in particular, have to accept it.	Either we are part of the club or not, we must succumb to this decision.
On the situation in Burma.	On the situation in Burma.
If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene with money and business tangible n and not just words.
Question No. 6 (h 0886/00)	Question No. 6 (h 0886/00)
First, simplify and clarify these treaties.	First, you must simplify and clarify these treaties.
While employment in the EU gives priority to the policy of the fishing other economic sector can not be sidelined.	If the priority in the Union political action, the fish catching sector of the economy, can not remain on the sidelines.
And there is still a great deal of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts and what are the measures that must be taken.	It is essential that we know today, since we are still in a state of uncertainty, what are the scientific facts and what actions should be taken.
I stress this point, because the market can not regulate everything, and that&#39;s why competition is not without any restrictions, and they should not be.	I stress this point, because the market can not regulate everything, and from this perspective, there can not be a competition without borders.
Question No. 6 (h 0886/00)	Question 6 (h 0886/00)
If we want to help Indonesia, we must move with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and concrete actions, not just words.
First, simplify and clarify these treaties.	First, simplify and clarify these treaties.
And, unfortunately, the ultimate objective of the European Constitution, by contrast, of course, we can not vote for him.	And, unfortunately, the ultimate objective of the European Constitution, by contrast, and of course we can not approve it.
Decision on Bennis, voted today, it does not reflect that.	Decision in the Nice summit, which was to vote for him does not reflect that.
In my name and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on fishing, I would like to ask you, Madam President, send our deepest condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marin and Galicia, where most of the victims were from there.	Madam President, I ask you on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, and in my name, send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany and in Marin and in the city of Galicia, where most of the victims.
Given this situation, there is a definite need for the participation of Okprofalah Okprmaharbh poverty and underdevelopment.	To face these facts, we need a great deal of participation and greater efficiency of the fight against poverty and underdevelopment, this is essential.
Mr. President, we have taken a great deal of attention during the preparation of the report of the Committee Krmeno citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs.	Mr. President, the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs, had prepared a super Krmeno report carefully.
Long ago in 1996, the European Parliament was in favor of imposing attended on the use of meat and bone meal throughout the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle, if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament voted in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone ground in the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle, if we listened to.
Finally, and most controversial, the Committee strongly urged to use the fast track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, such a controversial issue, and the Committee strongly advocated the use of swift measures to implement this legislation.
When we face the potential risks, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we face the potential risks, it is important to put the precautionary principle into implementation.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr. Commissioner.
Which make them heavily dependent on loans	Development that has made it relies heavily on borrowed capital.
Mr. President, we have taken a great deal of attention during the preparation Krmeno report of the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs.	Mr. President, the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs, prepared a super Krmeno report carefully.
Corresponding closed	Corresponding closed
Also it voted against the text calls for the inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, the Treaty of Nice, in the end.	I also voted against the text, which calls for the inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights n in the next treaty, which will be adopted in Nice.
Mr. President, the expansion is necessary to build a strong and united European continent.	Mr. President, the expansion is necessary to build a strong and united Europe.
Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.	Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.
If we put a clear framework and binding on the Member States, there should be a longer evaluation period for the various required to meet these needs support systems.	If we created a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the various systems to meet these needs, there must be a test longer.
And I tell you loud and clear: &quot;We must be given to Kostunica chance here, and therefore I hope that gives a general amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but at the same time I want to provide these items to the lines of the new budget, democracy and reconstruction, the attendant political conditions either political or financial perspective.	One can want more, and in the improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.
The aim of the annual review is to identify possible improvements.	The annual report aims to identify possible improvements.
We must work quickly; so we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It&#39;s urgent, so I decided to put this item on the agenda.
One can want more, and in the improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	We can more and better, but I think frankly it&#39;s a good start.
Parliament approved the amendment verbally.	Parliament approved the amendment verbally.
My party had reservations about the application of Union law the sale of consumer products, in exchange for the application of the concept of mutual standards.	My party has serious reservations about the organization of the sale of consumption through legislation society, also had reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
