But other sources close to the auction said that Vivendi has kept the door open to more offers and hopes to see offers providers interested in individual assets as a team.	But other sources close to the auction said that Vivendi has kept the door open to further offers in the next day or two.
Support as a free software upgrade that will be called WebVPN and that existing customers who have support contracts.	Upgrade will be available as a free download for existing customers with the support of Smart Network in the month Enyermn 2004.
Officials did not say whether the US troops crossed into Syrian territory, and were marred by uncertainty about how the involvement of the Syrian border guards.	&quot;US officials did not say whether the US forces, acting on behalf of intelligence, had crossed the border into Syrian territory, and were marred by uncertainty about how the involvement of the Syrian guards.
Sein has introduced Ferry company serviced the site explorer in September 15.	The battle rages on about VeriSign discovered three weeks ago, the site service.
She said that lessons still being held in prison, and is now in the isolation room.	It was put lessons last night in the isolation room at the same prison.
The first workers in the field of health care in the country died of SARS, a Filipino Canadian, who was hit by the disease in North York General Hospital, the second location in terms of the spread of the disease.	Hit Amelie, aged 51 years, SARS, when she was working as a nurse in a public hospital, North York, the second outbreak of the disease center.
Their leader was handed over, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, the same in the month of June. Where his deputy was killed in an exchange of fire lately with Saudi forces.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi surrendered in June; where his deputy was killed in an exchange of fire with Saudi forces recently.
After the opening statement Freitas, for the King County Supreme Court Judge Charles Martel holding the trial until after the Thanksgiving holiday.	For the King County Supreme Court Judge Charles ml holding the trial, until Monday.
The newspaper noted that Google is Mstmra capitalism prominent institutions including: Kleiner Perkins Caufield, Byers and Sequoia Capital.	Supporters of Google in its early stages are: Stanford University, California-based, capitalist firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
The first of July is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong&#39;s return to Chinese rule.	Overshadowed celebrations and gatherings on the occasion of the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong&#39;s return to China on July 1, 1997.
Palm Inc. Wednesday announced plans for Handsebreng a company that made its way through Jeff Hawkins, considered by many the father of Palm.	Palm Inc. announced Wednesday it plans to buy Handsebreng Inc., a company created by the dissident Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
Sentenced on Friday, the accused using a fake bomb to grab a Cuban airliner landed in Key West in April, was sentenced to 20-year-old man	Sentenced on Friday to the Cuban architect sentenced to 20 years for the use of two hand grenades and imaginary to hijack a passenger plane was traveling from Cuba to Florida in April.
I do not want to be a shepherd to them, because they are not of our proposal, but I would not be negative about it.	He said: I do not want to be a sponsor of her, because it&#39;s not our proposal, but on the other hand, it will not respond in a negative way.
Government parked peace talks with the MILF recently on the shelf, which mediated Malaysia, after a series of attacks, including three bombings in Mindanao.	The government recently parked peace talks, which mediated neighboring Malaysia on the shelf, after a series of attacks in Mindanao, including three fatal bombings, and she blames on the front.,
The company achieved during the period of the last year&#39;s profit of $ 54.3 million, or 22 cents per share.	That was up from a quarter last year, when the company earned 54.3 million dollars, or 22 cents per share.
Both Massachusetts Ootrtaun communities, Sagos and joined Framingham to Boston on Monday.	Along with Boston, will follow both Watertown and Sagos two smoke-free.
It was followed to Atlanta, where he was arrested on Tuesday evening.	He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday evening by the police based on secret information.
Israeli soldiers toppled mobile homes and empty water tanks in 10 small outposts in the West Bank last night, as part of a peace plan in the Middle East and the United States supports.	Israeli soldiers began to demolish the outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli commitment under a new peace plan in the Middle East.
Union has not yet announced any series will be targeted.	The union said it will unveil later in the target string.
&quot;Takassoa all of them,&quot; This is what Howard Dafedotz say, President Dafedotzucrkah Company, a national consulting firm based in New York City fragmented.	&quot;Innocent or not,&quot; &quot;have damaged goods,&quot; said Howard Davytautz, President Dafedotzucrkah Inc., a national consulting firm in New York fragmented.
Products include the updated Pro gate, the channel gate, the gate anywhere, and the gate of the application service.	The new products include the part of the latest desktop versions of the channel gate and the gate Pro.
On the other hand, Dixon was in a class field in the global race Pix Beck Square.	Eventually Scott Dixon won the Honda Indy 225 car that looks easy on Sunday in the global race Pix Beck Square.
Said Jim Williams, project director visit the United States: that by mid-November, will be fingerprinted and Souralaadid of passengers arriving in Atlanta	He said Jim Williams, project director visit the United States: that by mid-November, inspectors will also take fingerprints and photographs of many foreign passengers coming to Atlanta.
Turkish authorities said that all the suicide bombers were Turks.	Ankara says that the four suicide bombers, all of whom are Turks.
Than-expected operating profit for operations in April in the range of 60 to 80 cents per share.	Kodak expects a profit of 5 cents to 25 cents per share in the third quarter.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to press for more legal rights, including gay marriage.	Thousands of people celebrated the decision, and vowed to press for more legal rights, including gay marriage.
Before Sunday night, the fires caused by the blackest 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles away.	Major fires have led to ignite the 264,000 acres at the beginning of last night.
Egypt, Israel, and Australia are the others have the same situation.	Nations such as Israel and Australia already have the same situation.
The results appear in the Journal of the American Medical Association published on Wednesday (news sites).	Results will be published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, in the issue on Wednesday.
In addition, the cradle of the h2210 has a place for charging a second battery.	Cradle for h2200 has a place to recharge the battery again.
The military said that US forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six insurgents and arrested 21 others.	US forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six insurgents and detained 99 others during a patrol 1729 and 25 raid Nqzt over 24 hours.
One of the 14 Kurdish pointed to the word &quot;refugee&quot; in English / Turkish dictionary.	Astshl one of the men to the Turkish-English dictionary and pointed to the word &quot;&quot; refugee &quot;
Mr. Howard said, &quot;that the close cooperation between law enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing battle against terrorism.&quot;	&quot;He was close cooperation between the agencies and the implementation of regional law and intelligence, the heart of the battle against terrorism.
The meeting took place a day after the allocation of the Pentagon&#39;s first officer time, Dlajr, not to address the scandal	The meeting took place one day after the removal of the US Department of Defense for the first time Dlajr- officer for failing to address the scandal.
Group says that in 2006 the market will rebound by 29.6 percent, to realize the amount of $ 21.3 billion in sales.	In 2006, Agen Pacific Airways will give a report on the growth rate of 7.9 percent to reach 81.8 billion dollars.
Captain Robert Ramsey said of the first US Armored Division: the truck that exploded outside the building at about 11:00, and that one of the outer walls of the compound had collapsed.	Captain Robert Ramsey said of the first US Armored Division: the truck that exploded outside the building at about 11:00.
They came despite what it calls B.o &quot;difficult quarter&quot;, which said that it includes an unofficial strike at Heathrow Airport.	B.o said: that the second quarter, which included an unofficial strike at Heathrow Airport, it was difficult
In this northern autumn trainers from the United States will work with soldiers from four countries of North Africa, to patrol and gather intelligence.	Later this year, the leadership will send trainers with soldiers from four countries of North Africa in the Journal of the tasks of intelligence gathering.
He threw the Bush administration blamed supporters of Saddam Hussein and foreign Islamic militants, who have entered Iraq to fight US forces, in a wave of bombings and insurgent attacks.	Cast against the Bush administration blamed a wave of bombings and insurgent attacks on Saddam loyalists and Islamist militants of foreigners who have entered Iraq to fight against US forces.
Later found that he had broken right thigh bone in the right wrist and the elbow.	Hikers doctors confirmed later that he had broken his right leg near the groin, was also wounded Peixorvi wrist and elbow.
The author is one of the many defense experts, who are expected to testify.	It is expected to make a Spitzlahaka testify for the defense.
Dr. Patrick Barox head of the emergency room doctors&#39; association, said: &quot;The numbers have become catastrophic.&quot;	Dr. Patrick Balux President of France Association of Emergency Physicians, said: &quot;This is Mgiwl&quot;
&quot;Whatever has happened to you through the punishment, he is certainly more than enough,&quot; he said Kovillo, aged 49 years old, who ran his family and his friends and his supporters half of the courtroom.	Kovillo said: &quot;What happened to you, sir, for punishment, it is definitely more than enough.&quot;
Mother also claimed in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.	Mother also claimed that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the clash in 1998.
, The priest himself Peter Karanja Chairman of the Board of the Cathedral of All Saints, said in Nairobi that the Episcopal Church distance itself from the Anglican Communion &#39;	&quot;In Nairobi, the priest of All Saints Cathedral, Peter Karandjabnevsh said that the Episcopal Church distance itself from the Anglican Communion
Yes, today&#39;s flash memory, which are purchased from AMD and Fujitsu will be described Besbaenchen.	Spaenchen Flash memory solutions are available worldwide through AMD and Fujitsu.
Two of the largest automakers in the world, said that US sales fell more than expected last month, as sales have caused a wave of late summer violent reactions on the one hand the industry more than expected.	&quot;Domestic sales decreased for both General Motors and Ford Muturno. 2 company more than he divined it, and prompted a wave of sales late summer of reaction larger than expected in the industry.
Tropical storm developed rapidly in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday, where he was expected to strike in a place as along the coasts of Texas and Louisiana on Monday night.	&quot;Tropical storm developed rapidly in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday, and can withstand hurricane-force winds when it hit land anywhere along the Louisiana coast on Monday night.
Pressure may rise well on Thursday, with local coverage for the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.	Pressure will intensify today, with local coverage for the final round planned by ESPN and words that are more difficult.
Pataki praised Abraham&#39;s decision, said chairman Richard Kessel Leba: cable must remain in operation permanently.	&quot;The head of the Lipa Richard Kessel: This means that the cable can be used&quot; &quot;as we see fit.
Part of the agreement was the implementation of the Health Council, which would control spending on health care and progress in health system reform.	A key part of the agreement was the implementation of a special assembly to control health care spending, and setting goals for the system and measure the progress of health care reform.
Dane came to the University of California at San Diego in 1991 after 22 years of work a physicist at Bell Labs AT &amp; T.	Dane stayed at the University of California in San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years at AT &amp; T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
British Airways shares fell 1.5 percent, or 168 pence, at 14:20 GMT, less than 164 pence, a little stronger in the London public market.	British Airways shares fell three percent, or 165-1 / 4 pence at 09:33 GMT, less than 164 pence, the strongest market
It will include a number of counties with low population italics orange red, pussy and Almadison.	Number of county residents of Orange italics red, pussy and Almadison will drop.
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift the ban and that a 10-year, in the field of research and development of nuclear weapons, the low-yielding.	Ruled both the House and Senate legislation to end the ban on research and development of nuclear weapons in low-yielding.
Meningitis is an inflammation of the spinal cord and the tissues surrounding the brain fluid.	Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in the spinal cord and around the brain and what to man.
Both companies made, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which is usually sufficient to meet demand in the United States.	The Associated Press reported that each of the companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, have worked together to produce about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which is usually sufficient to meet demand in the United States.
Mayor Goot said. Parker on Thursday evening that the three workers were two men and a woman, where Kanwadakhl the building when the first explosion occurred.	Mayor Joe T. said. Parker: Missing workers who were inside the building when the first explosion took place were two men and a woman.
Council official, based in London, said Ali Safavi, told Reuters: &quot;We condemn this attack, which is illegal in our opinion, can not be politically nor morally justified.&quot;	Council official, based in London, said Ali Safavi, told Reuters by telephone: &quot;We condemn this attack, which is illegal in our opinion, can not be politically nor morally justified.&quot;
Investigators discovered the existence of a fragment 4 inches in length, and it was inside the bone under the concrete slab on Thursday, but it turned out to be animal bones.	Investigators discovered the existence of a fragment within the greatness of a length of 4 inches Thursday night, but authorities said they greatness animal.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was not hurt.	The message is a bomb, was sent to Prodi, who exploded in his hands but he was not hurt.
About 95 million Americans - half -asttmron households in mutual funds.	Nearly half of the total Aloosrovi the United States to have money in mutual funds.
Halabi denied military lawyer in the Air Force, Maj. James Key, charges that can carry the death penalty.	James denied the lawyer to the third, which represents al-Halabi, has denied the accusations, according to the Associated Press.
Schwartz, who was accused in February, said that New Hampshire was the wrong place for the accused.	Schwartz had sought to reject the accusation, saying that New Hambashaarcan wrong place to charge it.
Scull said a letter to the court: &quot;tore my family apart.	Aatdhiroskal of the court, and his staff and his family, then asked him to leniency.
Gayer said the city received since early May 1400 report on dead crows blue.	He said: Since early May, the city received a report in 1400.
But Forest, Freedom Organisation for the right to the enjoyment of tobacco smoking, she said: &#39;&#39; they mentioned the word ban, because everyone knows what happened there.	&quot;Organization Forrest said of the right to the enjoyment of tobacco smoking, they received an invitation to the Lancet for&quot; &quot;entertainment and disbelief.&quot;
House of Representatives passed in the last two sessions of legitimacy for a prescription, but the Senate did not succeed in approval.	House of Representatives approved last two conferences bills, but the Senate did not.
Once converted, eBay Star total of nearly 2.95 million shares of company common Shanghai Cooperation Organization, or 17.5 percent of the company&#39;s outstanding shares of the company will own.	It gives the investment firm to Arkspor, California-based eBay Star Co., more than 2.9 million shares of common stock of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, or 17.5 percent of the company&#39;s outstanding shares.
He has been urging the elderly, and those with weakened immune systems are also to protect against mosquito bites.	But it can be fatal to the elderly and those with weakened immune systems.
Winston-Salem, North Carolina, located company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.	&quot;The opening of six new Krispy Kreme stores in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
Thomas was removed, said Ms. Lafferty&#39;s lawyer, told the Kentucky: &quot;My understanding of this is that there are less than successful operations gratification with freezing ratio.	Ezell said: &quot;My understanding of this is that there is less gratification of successful operations with the proportion of the freeze.&quot;
It asked the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) of the Congress today, additional powers to combat Internet spam and junk, which now reaches more than half of all e-mail accounts.	&quot;The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday to attack the broader problem is worsening rapidly from spam authorities, and that new studies show that it is half of the total e-mail traffic accounts.
The last time the survey, in 1995, it was those numbers that match.	In the last survey in 1995, those numbers were equal.
The grand jury federal body on Tuesday to indict them, and no document seal until yesterday to allow the authorities to carry out arrests.	Federal officials said the document remained closed until Thursday morning, to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
People who opposed these actions in all parts are now trying to find new reasons to say that this was not the right thing to do. &quot;	&quot;What&#39;s happening here is that people who opposed this work in all parts, trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.&quot;
Klarmen was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, a summer resort only the eastern sector of the city of New York.	Klarmen by FBI agents arrested Monday morning at his home in New York.
Metropolitan police he thought he hit a dog or a cat or that someone threw a rock at his car, he said.	Tell Bishop O&#39;Brien, aged 67-year-old police he thought he hit a dog or a cat.
The report also claims that there will be a height of up to 9.3 million visitors to the hot spots this year, up a slim again by 2.5 million in 2002.	Gartner said, &quot;there will be 9.3 million visits to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002.
Richard Miller stayed in the hospital after undergoing a liver transplant, while his wife recovered.	Richard Miller, 57, survived after liver transplant life-saving, but it is still in the hospital.
It could not be immediately representatives successive access to comment on the declaration of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.	SCO spokesman was not able to cooperate to reach for comment this afternoon.
The proportion of the population of employers from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent in the past year have decreased.	&quot;American workers decreased who have insurance to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
Supreme court ruled that the Tablets stormed the constitutional separation of church and state.	Federal courts have ruled that the statue monument violates the constitutional prohibition against the founder of the state religion.
Families are stuck in their cars remained on the highway, used mobile phones to conduct their own homes calls.	Families were urged outstanding on the highway to stay in their cars, and use their own cell phones only in case of emergency.
In connection with the incident, I admit that I acted inappropriately. &quot;	&quot;Oaaterv that I have acted inappropriately,&quot; he said
A promotional poster, the countdown began for its completion, reminds readers of identity for the next &quot;Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.&quot;	The boxes filled with copies of the strong packaging, &quot;&quot; Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. &quot;
A spokesman said: &quot;Since the month of November, and we are collaborators fully with the police.	It added that it was &quot;&quot; fully cooperative &quot;&quot; with police since November.
People who previously thought that their blood pressure is fine, in fact, may be on their way to high blood pressure, in the framework of the new guidelines of the United States, published on Wednesday.	People who previously thought that their blood pressure is fine, in fact, they need to start exercising and eating better, that&#39;s according to new US guidelines to be published on Wednesday.
He said a specialist yesterday &quot;still going to do more tests, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such cases to be positive	He said: &quot;But at this stage, given the early detection, it can be like a positive outlook in these cases,&quot;
Amazon agency also reported that the prosecutor&#39;s office in New York approved a civil fraud charges with identifying one of them.	Actually approved agency Amazon and the prosecutor&#39;s office in New York a fake e-mail.
They were over the weekend at Raffles Hospital, to work further evaluation.	It has been subjected to further tests over the weekend, where he now languishing at Raffles Hospital.
Dow Jones industrial average has risen in accordance with the morning trading rose 40.12, or 0.5 percent, to reach 8,571.69, down 51 points, on Monday.	&quot;In New York, the Dow Jones industrial index, which is equivalent to the value of 30 stocks an excellent 3.29 points, or 0.04 percent to 8,585.97 rose.
Franklin said the error in the forecast for an average of five days for the entire 259-mile is for the season.	The average error in the track for five days (depending on outlook) is 323 nautical miles.
It doubled its rich media share, an increase of 3% in Q2 of 2002, to 6% in Q2 of 2003.	Doubled its rich media, specializing in ad formats, its share of 3% in the second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003.
Burke said: It seems from the initial report we have, given the circumstances, that this decline is the planned landing. &quot;	Mr. Burke said: &quot;&quot; Balntr to the circumstances, it was down planned &quot;
Elegant shares rose on the Nasdaq rose $ 4, or 17.2 Dolarvi percent, to $ 27.43 in morning trading on Thursday,	Elegant company&#39;s shares closed on Wednesday at US $ 23.40, up 64 cents, on the Nasdaq market trading.
As stated in the law of the State 0.911 call is non-public information has not been announced.	Under the law .911 call is non-public information in Rhode Island
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said on Tuesday that the overthrow of the remnants of Saddam Hussein&#39;s ousted regime, militants in Iraq, will take time.	&quot;Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said on Tuesday: to locate the remains of militants from the ousted Saddam Hussein regime in Iraq, it will take time.
Orange shares jumped E. Lee company up to 15 percent.	&quot;Shares of France Telecom fell 3.6 percent while shares in Orange rose 13 percent.
Bremer said that there is one initiative which is to launch a national program of $ 70 million in the next two weeks, to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a program worth $ 70 million in the next two weeks, to clean up neighborhoods in Iraq, and building community projects, but gave no details.
Micron announced the first quarterly profit for three years.	As well as figures showed Micron also the first quarterly profit for three years for the plant AMD.
Customers were having dinner and playing bingo when a bomb exploded in the Casa de Espana.	Customers were having dinner and playing bingo when a bomb exploded at the Casa de Espa.
Authorities said on Wednesday that the search for three missing teenagers, revealed the two of them at least, between the bodies buried under the modern pouring cement in the basement of the house.	Authorities conducted autopsy on Thursday in one of the three bodies recovered from under the pouring new concrete layer, in the basement of a northwest Indiana homes.
Saalaa was commander of Al-Qaeda in the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war to their home in Tampa, Florida.	While Saalaa was commander of the leadership in the Iraq war, but the hundreds who ran the war, returned to the United States
It is being investigated with the beleaguered telecom equipment makers Lucent Technologies by two federal agencies for possible violations of the laws of the United States and private bribery, in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Check two federal agencies Lucent Technologies-tech equipment makers, for possible violations of bribery laws in the United States, in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
SCO says that cooperation will not be announced pricing terms for a license only after weeks.	McBride said, will be announced details on pricing within a few weeks.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to reach 1,520.15.	It achieves the Nasdaq weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, to close at 1,520.15 after receiving 30.46 points yesterday.
Britain&#39;s Foreign Office said on Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased with the release of the men.	Britain&#39;s Foreign Office said it brokered the release of the two men.
Wal-Mart estimates that more than 100 million Americans to visit the stores every week.	Each week 138 million shoppers visit 4750 stores from Wal-Mart stores.
Sources in the racing industry&#39;s daily bulletin that Fontana&#39;ll get a second NASCAR race in the May Day holiday, starting from next season.	Sources in the industry said that the races Fontana&#39;ll get a second NASCAR race in the May Day holiday, starting from next season.
Mr. Prodi said: &quot;Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand the strengths and weaknesses we have.	Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand the strengths and weaknesses we have and the fact the world.
Kerry said, &quot;I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him.&quot;	She said: &quot;I started out in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War,&quot;
Blovski said that the Commission did not investigate because the limitations of the system and a three-year has expired.	Blovski said a formal investigation team will not start due to the expiry of the statute of limitations has expired.
He blamed the Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation in an attempt to undermine copyright and American patent law.	In his letter, McBride accused the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat in an attempt to undermine US copyright laws.
Koriksa shares gained 71 cents, or 10% to $ 7.91 in Nasdaq trading.	&quot;In the last morning session on the Nasdaq Stock Market, shares rose Oryx 74 cents or 10%, to $ 7.94.
Then called the police bomb squad, but Aljhazanfjr, killing Wells, before the arrival of bomb disposal technicians.	Antzarousol while the bomb squad, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
Spokesmen for the FBI and the CIA, and Canada&#39;s spy agency and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police to comment on Shukrijumah stay in Canada.	Rejection of the FBI and the CIA, and Canada&#39;s spy agency and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police refused to comment on the Washington Times report
Steven N. member of the Board of Inquiry, said: This has been a persistent problem has not been solved. &quot;	This was a constant problem has not been solved, mechanically Oojsudaia, &quot;This is what a board member, Steven Wallace.
Dow Jones industrial average finished .DJI, up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, to reach the level of 8,588.36 - its highest level since January 17.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average (news, chart, profile for the $ D.j) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to reach the level of 8588.
She said that Americans do not abandon their position, we have to see this failed adventure until the end.	Also pledged to peace in Iraq, &quot;&quot; Americans for Aataklon their position, we have to see the end of this adventure.
During the 12 months, there was still a difference in the job, although it was not noticeable.	During the 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but is not considered important things.
He said that there is no doubt about the chemical program, the biological program, but in fact the nuclear program, and all that has been documented by the United Nations. &quot;	He added: &quot;&quot; There is no doubt about the chemical program, the biological program is already a nuclear weapons program.
Gabriela of Samos said of Lula: &quot;It seems like all the issues that we support, and terrifying wants.&quot;	Gabriela Lemus said, policy director of the University of the legislation: &quot;It looks like the rest of the issues that we support, he does not want.&quot;
Most likely it will be sent within two weeks of peace rules in Brickens.	Frankel said he will work rules in peace Brickens stakes in 17 of May.
City worsening pollution, and ozone in particular, is the most stringent in the country trees, this is what ecologist Jillian Gregg from Cornell University say.	American environmental scientist Jillian Gregg said: I know this sounds unexpected, but it&#39;s true: the worsening pollution in the city, especially ozone, is the most stringent in the country trees
Ridge said any real explosives or harmful devices will not be used in this process.	Ridge said will not use any real explosives or other harmful substances.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year, he began to read the book of the Gospel day, after he was expelled from the University of New Lobos Almxhexh because of temper tantrums.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after he was expelled from the University of New Mexico Lobos because of temper tantrums, became a born again Christian in June 2002.
Amid warm applause, he said: This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.	&quot;This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.&quot;
Mahendarata told Reuters: Albshirhar that he was tried by opinion and not based on the facts.	He added: Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law.
Decline in the S &amp; P 500, a $ 4.77, or 0.5 percent, reaching the level of 929.62.	The Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index wider 0.17 points, or 0.02 percent only, for up to 934.
Marching in the May 1 through a narrow and winding valley, down the slope 60 feet, and walked about six miles down the valley.	Marching through the narrow and winding valley, down the slope 60 feet, and walked about six miles down the canyon near the Valley National Park in southeastern Utah.
Amnesty International said I collected over the past 20 years, information about the 17,000 disappeared in Iraq, but the actual figure may be much higher.	Amnesty International said it had gathered over the past 20 years About 17,000 disappeared in Iraq
The Dow Jones Industrial Average index shed 0.7 percent to 9,547.43, while the Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index weakened by 0.8 per cent to 1,025.79.	Dow Jones industrial average dropped &lt;.DJI&gt; 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9568.
He may face the death penalty if convicted on charges of spying.	Can the charges of espionage and aiding the enemy that the claim for the death penalty.
I asked for an exemption from the Cabinet meeting last week to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.	Unusual step I&#39;ve taken a very skip the Council of Ministers to attend the meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement: &quot;We hope that all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue.&quot;	The Chinese Foreign Ministry said: &quot;We hope that all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue.&quot;
In a mixture of ancient pagan and Christian rituals of modern, established residents of the village in a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe they kept them poor.	&quot;In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and Christian rituals of modern, people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe kept them poor since that meal in a long time.
The average Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent to 9,196.55.	Dow Jones industrial average dropped &lt;.DJI&gt; 7.75 points or 0.08 percent to reach 9,175.47.
Usually Alosoraly monkeys only in Central and West Africa.	Normally present prairie dogs in the southern states of Western and Western, but not original from the state of Wisconsin.
Chancellor Robert Bennett Council on Tuesday declined to comment on matters pertaining to personnel.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying he had never discussed with regard to personnel matters.
Court held in that case that the city of Cincinnati violated the First Amendment to the Constitution, only the prohibition of propaganda pamphlets that follow the interests of aesthetics.	Court held in that case that the city of Cincinnati violated the First Amendment only in Hzrkiibat publicity that follows the interests of aesthetics.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will conclude in the month of November with &quot;The Matrix Revolutions.&quot;	&quot;Re-load&quot; &quot;is the second installment of the trilogy&quot;; &quot;The Matrix Revolutions&quot; and scheduled for the first time in the month of November.
In addition, the Justice Ministry said that the FBI conducted a &#39;&#39; less than 10 &#39;&#39; investigations involving visits to mosques.	The Justice Ministry said that &quot;less than 10&quot; &quot;Vdiralah offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques.
This week coincides with the starting JavaOne Developers Conference in San Francisco.	The news comes in conjunction with the Java Developers Conference (Sanz) Annual San Francisco.
A royal decree based on his experience with Diana, Princess of Wales, and letters allegedly to and from it.	The royal family is preparing to reveal more in terms of the Royal Decree, Ppalartkazaaly elapsed time for the Diana, Princess of Wales, with the former slave.
The army said the raid, which came a few days after a sniper and killed by Israeli forces of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leader of the Hamas movement in the city after targeted activists from Hamas.	The arrests come just days after Israeli troops killed Abdullah Qawasmeh, the armed group&#39;s leader in Hebron after.
The company said it has dismissed a former president Mickey Robinson, for some reason, when he left in September.	The company said last month: has sacked CEO Mickey Robinson for some reason in September.
SARS virus claimed the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.	The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
The company said on Monday that the new music service over the Internet, Apple Computer, has sold more than 1 million songs in the first week of the sales process.	Apple Kmbiotriom said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by more than 1 million songs sale, since the launch of the music store online a week ago.
He was arrested twice before to infringe upon the property of others, and to prevent from going to his mother and his two children in his house in the compound.	He was arrested twice before to infringe upon the property of others, where prevent from entering the compound.
The fund sectors are used as a weapon to September 2001 before 11, where the ban was carried by the kidnappers since then based on the items.	&quot;The fund sectors are used as weapons by the 19 hijackers in the September 11, 2001 attacks.
He accused both Mr Klarman Hlsnrat and three counts of securities fraud.	Mr Klarman was charged with 16 charges of fraud.
Portuguese meteorological authority said that the cause of the heat wave in Europe is a mass of hot and dry air moving from the south-east.	Mario Almeida said of Meteorology Authority Portuguese &quot;It was the heat wave because of a mass of hot air, dry air from the southeast.
Announced at a press conference yesterday that the money spent by taxpayers to create galleries terrorist bet, are wasteful of funds as they are disgusting	He said Wyden and Dorgan on Monday in a letter to the Defense Ministry.: That the money spent by taxpayers to create galleries terrorist bet, are wasteful of funds as they are disgusting
Police believe that Wilson opened fire on Reynolds, then her mother once in the head, before he went on a deadly gun itself.	Police believe that Wilson launched Narbadhaaly Ginnie Mae Robinson once in the head, before he went on the weapon itself.
Murphy announced July 22 that he would appeal his case directly to the Supreme Court of the United States.	Murmn Alabama says that he would appeal his case to the Supreme Court in the country.
Monkeys can be pursued provided by watching a schematic representation of the arm and moves on a video screen.	Arm was kept in a separate room, but monkeys can be pursued provided by watching the representation of the arm and moves on a video screen
This led to a confrontation with the police for 47 hours, the inconvenience of thousands of passengers, as traffic fell in the center of Washington and northern Virginia.	&#39;Protest led to a standoff with police 47 hours, which caused huge traffic jams in Washington and northern Virginia city center.
S &amp; P 500 rose by 6.48, or 0.7 percent, to reach 990.51.	Mahrstandrd Land Pourzalousa rose 500 range 6.48 points or 0.66 percent to 990.51.
It is expected to attend and agriculture ministers from more than a hundred mandate of the Ministerial Conference and a three-day, and an exhibition of agricultural science and technology, under the auspices of the US Department of Agriculture.	US Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman released Monday Ministerial Conference for three days, and an exhibition of agricultural science and technology.
According to security sources, put John Stevens, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police in London, his forces on high alert in the wake of last week&#39;s warning.	The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, put its forces on high alert last week.
Create interests fortified themselves for control of the network bottleneck points, and they are pressing the FCC to help and support.	Create interests entrenched themselves for control of the Internet bottleneck points, and they are pressing the FCC to help and support, which could lead to loss
Complicating the situation is the presence of hardened liberals in battle, who are fighting on both sides.	&quot;The fighting has continued sporadically in the West, where he held because of the presence of Liberian stiff in the battle on both sides.
Audubon Society will host again this year gala birthday Taioralsnoa.	It&#39;s holiday birthday Taioralsnoa National Audubon Society, now is the season of 104
Southwest Organization said that the passing traffic rose to 4.6 percent in the first quarter, and ended the quarter with $ 2.2 billion in cash.	&quot;Southwest Organization said that the passing traffic rose by 4.6 percent in the quarter, an increase of 4.2 percent.
Doctors speculated that estrogen in the body itself protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	They based their beliefs on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
They also found as well as shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.	&quot;Found often twice Hlat Palace among those who suffer from hearing loss.
Executives at Cisco said it was Chjighm Dolarcciolh of $ 1.3 billion in cash from net income, but they are hoping to rebound.	&quot;We were encouraged executives of Cisco Dolarcciolh of $ 1.3 billion in cash, and an increase in net income, but they said they are still&quot; cautiously optimistic &#39;&#39; about the recovery.
In a statement via e-mail to the News Sentinel Nnoxevel, Schumacher said: &#39;&#39; I do not give any consideration to resign.	Schumacher said in a statement: &quot;I do not give any consideration to resign.&quot;
Brother Bolgerho now on &#39;&#39;10 wanted&#39; &#39;list of the Agency, to its connection with 21 murders.	&quot;Bulger&#39;s brother, an informant of the FBI past, is now in the law enforcement agency&quot; to &quot;10 wanted&quot; list.
But church members and observers say they expect to be Alaqrara_kalaa of many Episcopal.	But church members and observers say they predict here that creates a decision for some Episcopal doctrinal problems who believe that the Bible forbids homosexuality.
Joneson said the injured passengers at John Peter Smith Hospital, died later on Friday morning.	Joneson said the injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital, died later in the morning, were not disclosed his name.
Physicians plans to deliver two weeks ahead of schedule, in November 14 Ooukraba him.	Caesarean section was planned to take place in mid-November, two weeks ahead of schedule.
Antchersubing .v Alkmpiotralmtminin when users open an attachment in e-mail messages, which contain such familiar titles such as &quot;Thank you!&quot;, Reply &quot;details or&quot; Response: that movie. &quot;	&quot;The virus spreads when users open Alkmpiotralmtminon attached files in e-mail messages that contain familiar titles such as&quot; &quot;thank you&quot; &quot;and&quot; &quot;Response: Details&quot;
Nasdaq Composite Index rose to technology shares index laced technology rose 17.26 points or 1.06 percent to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.	&quot;Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s index rose 500 &lt;SPX&gt; 5.51 points or 0.56 percent to 981.73.
The founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, (NEC), Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.	&quot;The founding members of (the F-CE) are Hitachi, Matsushita, (NEC), Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
Says David Rubik, Mdermkhatr communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis: Is it present in the food supply?	Says David Rubik, Mdermkhatr communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis: &quot;It&#39;s not zero.&quot;
During the match stark in 1999, Caroline John said they were still asleep with Bergen.	On the other hand, it is sometimes tells John she was still sleeping with her ex-boyfriend, &quot;&quot; Butch, &quot;&quot; Michael Bergin huge. &quot;
On the other hand, if this will help more on Azaarbrah Steve, we welcome it.	If draining the ponds in Maryland will help to show the innocence of Steve, we welcome it. &quot;
The Supreme Court refused in Florida twice to consider the case.	Again refused appeals court in Florida on Tuesday, preventing removal of the tube.
Fletcher said he expects to get the support of lawmakers from farm states, including Alkterfi Committee.	He said he also expects to get the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
Squyres is the principal investigator for the campaign Athens - a group of science seized by all surfed tools.	Steve Squyres, scientist at Cornell University, a principal investigator assigned missions and scientific instruments.
There are four versions of Andosalmstahedvh operating systems are: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows 2003 Service.	The new virus affects Aleuendozmn systems: 2000, XP, TNT 4.0 service in 2003.
It was fined seven students between the ages of 20-21 years by the police, to drink alcohol outside the rooms belonging to the campus hotel in the early hours of Saturday with two young women,, aged between 16 and 18 years.	&quot;He has been arrested seven male students between the ages of 20-21 years, continued outside the rooms of the campus hotel in Mbkrmen time on Saturday with a teenage Iammarhma of 16 and 18 years.
Shares of the two McDonald&#39;s and Wendy&#39;s International Tribunals continued on Monday modest race in New York Stock Exchange.	&quot;I continued my company McDonald&#39;s and Wendy&#39;s shares Antaachehema in recent times from Monday, up more than 1 percent in New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trading.
Such a move would put the issue before the United Nations Security Council.	It can then be sent the case to the UN Security Council.
He plans to stay throughout the day until the peak of the river, which was expected to be reached in time Mtokhrmen last night.	Torque with some lawyers to continue to stay, even Alnehrpalanhsar begins
According to his Web site: The summer camp to receive religious retreats for children and other events year-round.	According to his Web site: Saint Sophia hosts religious retreats for children camp during the summer months, and other events throughout the year.
Jamestar Mahrzh shares rose 2.6 per cent, adding 14 cents to 5.49 Dolarand closure.	Jamestaraly top shares rose as stated in the news, and closed up 2.6 percent at $ 5.49 on the Nasdaq.
Tito Barbana, the regional minister for agriculture, said in Tuscany, Italy: The European Union basically does not exist. &quot;	&quot;Tito Barbana, the regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Joint ventures with Intel Corporation for the manufacture of chips, including Sony Corp. and Microsoft, and Hewlett-Packard, IBM, and Nokia Corporation Jatoia.	Joint ventures with Intel Corporation for the manufacture of chips, including Sony, Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard Company, a global business machines, Jatoia, Nokia and others.
The army said it had killed 12 rebels so far arrested nine during the campaign, and the loss of six soldiers were wounded.	The army said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six others injured.
Kruger Inc., which owns both of the two Albertsons and Ralph, held jointly deal with Safeway Inc., and worked to secure their union workers the next day.	&quot;In a show of mutual cooperation, it worked Kroger, which owns both firms Ralph, and Albertson on securing its workers in the next morning.
According to the Census Bureau, the population of Spanish origin rose by 9.8 percent for the population census for the month of April 2000.	&quot;The number of Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the census for the month of April 2000, despite the social and economic conditions that are less favorable than 1990.
Stock soared from US $ 50.90, to 54.50 Dolarvi today&#39;s pre-conquest, and that at the close on Wednesday.	The stock jumped nearly 7 percent in trading before the opening, rising from 17.05 Dolaraly 18.26 dollars at the close on Tuesday.
Rebuked the Senate is absurdly saying: &quot;exemption from the tax plan is inconsequential something ..&quot;	We do not need an exemption from the inconsequential tax plan.
Looking for the latest series of Harry Putrltstraeha?	&quot;Another trick magician Harry Potter?
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the few companies that still manufactures the flu vaccine.	&quot;Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine, and one of the few companies that are still manufactured by.
The Dow Jones industrial average &lt;.DJI&gt; fell by 58.69 points or 0.64 percent to 9,137.86.	Dow Jones industrial average dropped (.DJI) 79.43 points or 0.86 percent to 9,117.12 on Friday.
Thomas said, &quot;The way we played in the first two games were a little bit embarrassing.&quot;	&quot;We are in the Stanley Cup finals, where she was the way we played in the first two games a little embarrassing.
Fines are part of Republican efforts failed to force or lure Democrats to return.	Perry said he supports the Senate&#39;s efforts, including fines, to force Democrats to return
A_i_arjdid device - called the Canary name for &#39;&#39; cytometry analysis and notifications, against the risk and reward &#39;&#39; - snatch this natural process, causing two important changes.	The team naming Ala_i_arlthalil device and cellular notifications against the risks and rewards Canary device.
He said his lawyer, Pamela Mackey, Brent is expected to be completely exonerated.	Mackey said in a statement that &quot;Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated.
I&#39;ve had better progress since October 1, when the index rose by 22.25.	It rose the S &amp; P 500 index of 15.66 to 1,046.79, the best progress since October 1, when it rose 22.25.
Mr. Mask said it is possible that Mr. Cullen is taken from Somerset County Jail before Thursday and transferred to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital psychiatric care outside of Trenton.	The transfer of Charles Cullen, 43, from Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the forensic center Anne Klein, to bed No. 150 at a facility for treatment of mental illness in Trenton.
Scientists believe that Stardust confine inside thousands of dust particles.	Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
Breaking the sound barrier after nine seconds, and continued strong rise subsidies.	The company said that &quot;Wen SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier after nine seconds.
The report prepared by the Independent Committee of Experts, aims to dispel any doubt about how to handle the Hong Kong Government with the SARS syndrome.	The long-awaited launch of Altqriralve on how to deal with the government of the Hong Kong outbreak of SARS syndrome.
Estimated weight of the plane about 100 pounds at a maximum weight at takeoff.	Flight No. 5481, on board the American Airlines that crashed in the January 8, was judged to be weighing a maximum take-off in the range of 100 pounds.
Michael Bloomberg, mayor of New York City: &quot;I will try to walk with a number of different groups.	Bloomberg said, &quot;I will try to march with a number of different groups.
It seems that the attack was similar to other attacks that were organized near the foreign residential compounds in Riyadh on May 12.	Seem attack similar to the attacks mounted near the foreign residential compounds in Riyadh on May 12, where officials blamed on al Qaeda.
Explicit scripts ESRX.o own shares fell 3.6 percent, to close at $ 66.89 on the Nasdaq.	Stocks fell in scripts ESRX.O about 4 percent to $ 66.73 on the Nasdaq in late trading this morning.
Decline in basic wholesale prices in April, reflecting a drop Osaarcell of cars and trucks, clothing boys and men, cigarettes	That was the largest decline since August of 1993, where the decline stems from Osaarcell of cars and trucks, men and boys, clothes and cigarettes.
Winner said that the two staff aides &quot;very sorry what happened at all,&quot; where the security personnel to perform &quot;good and within standards.&quot;	Winner said: The work of security personnel &quot;well within standards&quot; where the two staff aides &quot;are very sorry for all that happened.
We have put a lot of effort and energy to improving the patching process we have, and maybe later we must, but now we only win the imaginary speed.	&quot;We have put a lot of effort and energy to improving the patching process we have, and maybe later we should.
Looking international rescue workers among the rubble for survivors in the city of Bam, located on the road to Ahariralkadimh in Iran, which was destroyed by the powerful earthquake in which more than 20,000 people have been killed	&quot;International rescue workers search heavily yesterday, for survivors in the rubble, and in Almkabralta overflowed with water, in the city of Bam, located on the ancient Silk Road in Iran
Griffith, a native of pure mountain air, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.	Griffiths, 77, who grew up on the pure mountain air, now lives in Manteo.
He also said that the academy will get on its own rules of procedure in the next week, detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.	Rosa said, &quot;you will get the academy next week on its own rules of procedure, where it will be years.
President said that the boy had also sprayed the room full of Palmthbtat of fire extinguishers, which made visibility difficult.	President said that the boy once fled toward the wall, the room workshops using fire extinguishers, making visibility difficult
According to a report that the Conference Board&#39;s US consumer confidence index fell from 83.6 in May to 83.5 in June.	The Conference Board said, &quot;that the consumer confidence index stood at 83.5 in June, down slightly from the revised budget for the month of May, a 83.6.
One of the politicians said: &quot;I&#39;ve noticed a change in the public mood in regards to their own priorities.&quot;	One Iraqi politicians said after meeting with Mr. Bremer: &quot;I&#39;ve noticed a change in the public mood in regards to their own priorities.&quot;
&quot;While (H RTL) should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic illness.&quot;	Munson said: &quot;The clear message here is that it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease.&quot;
Heather, 35, who lost her leg in a traffic accident, it is possible that the installation of steel plates in her hip, which would lead to the impossibility of natural birth process.	&quot;I have lost the former supermodel Ms. McCartney her leg in a car accident in 1993, it is natural that had been installed steel plates in her hip, which would make a natural birth is difficult.
Has confiscated all of the meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts a year ago, in Agro Cold Store in Chicago warehouse.	Each of meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts are stored, by more than 100 dealer sentence in Chicago.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican candidates for the office of Governor-General in Haley Barbour, acknowledged that the crowd ecstatic.	Vice President Dick Cheney says that the receipt of the Mississippi Republican for governor in Haley Barbour could very well be, because of his intelligence in the government administration and other work.
Nurse who worked at the age of 51 years at the General Hospital, North York, the latest outbreak of the disease center.	Emil hit La Rosa, 51, infected with SARS, while she was working as a nurse in a public hospital, North York, the latest outbreak of the SARS virus type II center.
Roche has also allowed five runs or more beat out at the beginning of each of the last three rounds	&quot;Redman allowed to wildly beat them or less in six of his nine runs.
Mr. Turner about about 10 million shares to a charitable fund before it is sold.	Sales were left to Mr. Turner about 45 million shares in AOL company.
He also recruited other people to participate in this project, and so by persuading them to receive goods obtained by fraud, and was dedicated to him.	He also recruited other people to receive goods obtained by fraud, was dedicated to him
According to Gartner&#39;s report that the equipment deliveries to the company (Global W. the ER any) made $ 19.5 million last year, an increase of 120 percent from the year 2001, at 8.9 million units.	&quot;Total shipments 19.5 million units reached in the past year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
Police on Saturday launched an international hunt for chiffon Pennington, having fled with Toby, aged 31 years.	He disappeared on Saturday morning chiffon Pennington, after the arrangement of the meeting with Toby, aged 31 years.
A team in the New York Mets Outfielder choosing to Asting Madig of Akwod Ranch High School in Florida.	Annexation Mets player not Sting Madig, a player the defense of the state of Florida, the 12th player with the approval.
Now, with the last three shuttles belonging to the Agency, and collected after the Columbia disaster, this can be a wait for a longer period.	In the wake of the Columbia accident, which left three remaining shuttles, the new recruits must wait for a longer period.
Bremer, 61, worked as an assistant for once, to former ministers of state such as William Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador at a high level to combat terrorism from 1986 to 1989.	Bremer, 61, is a former aide to former ministers of state such as William Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
Roy Moore, Chief Justice of the detainee in the Alabama Supreme Court, such as on Wednesday, as a defendant, in the same court, which was recently headed by Hall, but he has no regrets.	&quot;Moore, the suspended Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama, to stand trial before the judicial authority of the Court of Alabama.
Agafzmtost Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) the amount of 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to reach 8,765.38, its highest level since mid-Chehrkanon second.	Hafiz Dow average Jonesalsnaaa index (.DJI) on 97 points, or 1.14 per cent to 8.699.
Bryant was charged in an arrest warrant, on June 30, assaulting a woman in a hotel.	And according to the arrest warrant, he had Bryant, 24, of assaulting a woman in June 30.
It is not recognized Bsanator Florida, Bob Graham, according to 61 percent of those surveyed.	Based on the 66 percent of those surveyed, it was put Kerry positive, where he earned a 57 percent Krtbh Dean.
S &amp; P 500 rose broader, increased by 3.47 points or 0.36 percent to 977.59.	Kombozat Nasdaq index dropped high-tech stocks Laden by 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to reach 1645.
The result was that 24 players broke the record in the first round.	Smash Twenty-four players record in the first round, the third highest number in the history of the US Open.
According to a spokeswoman for Oracle: Not put those talks as of Tuesday night	According to a spokeswoman for Oracle: Not put those talks.
Lawyers and others who say they are familiar with the federal investigation: keep the focus on Campbell, although the public prosecutor refused to discuss the investigation.	Lawyers and others who say they are familiar with the investigation that Turkazla still on Campbell, while federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation.
Rallied friends Robert De Niro yesterday around him, after he was diagnosed as suffering from prostate cancer.	A spokesman for Hollywood star, Robert De Niro, said today that his condition was diagnosed the presence of prostate cancer.
Ooagaftzl Celta both Albertsons and Ralph Krueger their workers, a response to that.	Ralph stopped Krogeroslsh Albertsons chain immediately affiliates grocery workers a show of solidarity.
Taiwan tried for seven years to get the position of an observer of the United Nations, the World Health Organization, but the rejection again at its annual conference in Geneva on the date of March 19.	It sought for seven years to get the position of the observer, but ordered before rejected again, in the May 19, at the annual conference of the World Health Organization in Geneva.
Nasdaq index fell Kombozat shares bottled Technology&gt; Technology&gt; shares by 37.78 points or 1.94 percent to reach 1,912.36.	Nasdaq Kombozat Index by 2.95, or 0.2 percent, during the week to 1,912.36 after the bump by 37.78 yesterday.
Organized shares closed on the proportion of US $ 10.93, down 28 cents, in trading Monday on the Nasdaq.	Shares (IBM), the ratio of US $ 1.75, or 2.11 percent, to $ 84.50 in New York Stock Exchange.
The Ministry of Health said on Friday that a man from Washington County, could be the first human case in the country for the West Nile virus.	Confirming the existence of the first case and the only humans to West Nile virus this year, by health officials in the September 8.
Christine Iwan, CEO of the National Center for Breast Cancer said it was too early to estimate the risk to women size.	Christine Iwan, CEO of the National Center for Breast Cancer, said: There is no need to panic.
Both resigned Berndsal and CFO von Clark on June 9.	Retired CEO of the company, resigned as chief financial officer.
National Party says that there will be no privatization of premiums on health care.	New Democrats also renewed their commitment to the lack of privatization or any premiums on health care.
But (c. C) was careful to make it clear that &quot;there is not anything definite yet about the results of the discussion.&quot;	&quot;However, we&#39;re not sure until the results of the discussions of Allan&quot;
Dow Jones industrial average record .DJI, 58.69 points, when you go out, or 0.64 percent to 9,137.86.	Average Dow dropped (blue chip) to .DJI, 86.56 points or 0.94 percent to 9,109.99, after giving up earlier for more than 1 percent.
Voice 425 Edomn the House of Representatives on two to cancel the bill, the first of 13 items, and that the conference should passes each year to fund the federal government.	&quot;The bill is among the first 13 items, which Congress must passes each year to fund the federal government.
Knight has agreed to a $ 2,380,000 contract for two years, which included a signing bonus worth $ 300,000.	&quot;According to (ESPN) that the deal held by Knight for two years worth of $ 2,380,000, including a grant of $ 300,000 signing.
Usually the operation is performed in the second trimester or third	This technology is used during the second trimester, and sometimes the third trimester of pregnancy.
New companies will begin trading on the NASDAQ today under the stock indices codes (or my LM) and (CBS RCG).	Shares will begin Inc. (Palm Source) trading in the stock market on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange, as part of the deal, in Wednesday under the symbol: (ABC RCG).
Preparing both children, adults, vendors libraries and postal workers for &quot;Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.&quot;	&quot;The boxes filled with copies of the hardcover of&quot; &quot;Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.&quot;
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the ad hoc to test the water grant funds are located in Yorktown, King George&#39;s County and the shores of Norfolk and Virginia.	The grant also funds the beach water testing in King George County, and Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Halliburton shares fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $ 21.59 in New York Stock Exchange yesterday.	Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $ 21.76 a share, in the mid-term trading in New York Stock Exchange.
He said that the attackers left leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working, as American forces leave Iraq demanding.	He said that the attackers left leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working.
With diplomacy heats up in the ongoing 10-month nuclear crisis around, it is decided that the Chinese Foreign Minister, Li Zhaoxing, visited South Korea from 13 to 15 of August.	&quot;With the intensification of diplomacy in its ongoing since almost 10 months of the crisis, the Chinese Foreign Minister, Li Zhaoxing, a trip to Japan on Sunday, during which he will go to South Korea on August 13.
Won peace rules on genocide ridiculous in the Louisiana Derby.	However, neither he nor peace rules that can keep the genocide funny away from the clouds.
Bond Bulls hoping the Fed should be aware that in Almkhatrtkmen economic weakness.	&quot;The Federal Reserve Board also said that risks to the economy is moving towards weakness.
Gov. James Mkjrivi said: &quot;There is a real possibility of the collapse of the secondary.&quot;	&#39;&#39; He said Mkjrioy &quot;were not the affected area of the garage in stable condition, with a real possibility of the collapse of the secondary.
Within 97 percent of the vote, 68 percent of voters voted &quot;no&quot; to the tax, in the middle of the night Wednesday.	&quot;With 97 percent of precincts tonight statistics, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax code.
Government astronauts - did not specify a term taken from the &#39;&#39; Taakoonj &#39;&#39; Chinese word for space back - and means that will travel on a mission again.	&quot;The government did not specify what (Taakntz) - a term taken from (Taakoonj), a Chinese word for space.
It is expected to be the day the nomination and election Graham for a second term of one year, and will lead the presidential speech.	It was expected to be re-elected Graham for a second term of one year, in later on Tuesday.
The statement continued, &quot;that these changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages.&quot;	According to the notice (WEF 3C) still &quot;changes to IE,&quot; &quot;could affect a large number of existing Web pages.&quot;
Dr. Jim Young, Ontario&#39;s Commissioner of Public Safety, said: &quot;It is clear that people are uncomfortable with.&quot;	Dr. James Young, Ontario&#39;s Commissioner of Public Safety, said: &quot;We are in the most waking up.&quot;
Others were given copies of &quot;Dr. Atkins New Diet Revolution in&quot; and told them that Itbaoha.	The researchers gave copies of &quot;&quot; Dr. Atkins New Diet Revolution, &quot;&quot; to those who have stopped eating Alkryoheidarat.
Admitted Ascal guilty to securities fraud, and will be tried next week.	Ascal and admitted his guilt on charges of domestic trade in the past year, is scheduled for trial on June 10.
Barbana said that the Union had reached a compromise solution with the United States, but wants a system to describe such foods, something fought factory here for him.	Barbana said the EU could reach a compromise, but wants a system to describe such foods, something the industry has resisted doing.
The fire then spread to many of the surrounding buildings, and property destroyed.	The fire spread to many of the surrounding buildings, and property destroyed, where the restored House of Representatives firefighters.
Private lawyer rappers, Marc Gann, is no longer a second to make calls for comment.	&quot;The rapper&#39;s lawyer, 27 years old (Mark Gan) is no longer a second to make calls for comment after the civil case.
It has allowed him wildly in seven innings, where he scored six of them.	Zambrano made seven innings, and allowed him wildly on five hits and walking four.
Still, he said: &quot;I am absolutely confident that we are coming to the draft law.&quot;	Frist .r- said Tan on Thursday: &quot;I am absolutely confident that we are coming to the draft law,&quot;
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopal conservatives, it will ask permission Ba starch separate group	The American Anglican Council, he said, which represents Episcopal conservatives, it will ask permission Ba separate province in North America starch because of the events of last week.
Boeing said it expected to be signed during the next few weeks on a final agreement.	Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said: It is expected to be completed by the Korean deal to fly, &quot;&quot; in the coming weeks. &quot;
The stock closed at EDS company on Thursday to $ 18.51, Bmaxb rate of 6 cents.	The stock closed at EDS company on Thursday to $ 18.51, up 6 cents, in New York Stock Exchange.
Federal centers recorded for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), at the national level, the 4156 case of West Nile, including 284 deaths.	There were 293 human cases of West Nile in the state of Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the public libraries in the country to provide computers with filters to combat pornographic programs.	The Supreme Court said on Monday that the government can be imposed on public libraries provide computers with filters to combat child pornography. But librarians who have rejected the law complained that the law amounts to censorship.
Weakness lies in the way by the VBA program, so access to the documents that have been passed to it when a document is opened by the host application properties.	The vulnerability lies in the visual basic program for Microsoft way, so existing applications Properties on the audit document, which is passed to it when you open the document.
Among the 24 million phone call for a vote, 50.28 percent were for Stoddard, where he developed his 130,000 votes ahead in the state of Aiken.	Of the 24 million votes were cast him by phone, Stoddard was just 130,000 votes ahead in the state of Aiken.
What consumers are still hoping to get a guarantee from before Ediralkeppl card in order to integrate them in the group.	Consumers can enter a credit provided by the cable service that card in order to participate in watching TV.
However, we have decided to choose the European Union as the best solution to drive at all because of the great efforts made with regard to prices.	However, we decided Achtjarmhrk the EU as the best solution at all.
Food and Drug Administration rejected the application of the company (ImClone) for the year 2001 for the sale of the drug Arpetcs, noting that the search is not in conformity with the specifications.	Food and Drug Administration rejected a request by the company (ImClone) in the original December 2001, saying that the trial had been neglecting.
Vaszewriv Dodgers sixth match in a row, the longest series win since 2001, where the team overcame Colorado, 3-2, on Wednesday, before a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	Dodgers team won the sixth match in a row and seventh in the last nine games for them, which overcame a 3-2 Colorado team, on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
He said authorities in those countries they had conducted her research erosion now in all of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana.	Authorities also examined recently in a subsidiary for each of Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana areas, and Michigan.
He claimed an article in the Washington Post on Thursday that it is likely to have been cut by 50 basis points from the US Federal Reserve, unlike Msarmgelh Wall Street.	It claimed on Thursday, Post newspaper in an article that is likely to have been cut by 50 basis points from the US Federal Reserve
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligament, face several charges.	Heatley, who underwent surgery on Saturday because of a broken jaw and MRI, two torn ligaments in his right knee found.
Lay protested that the delivery of the documents would be a violation of the rights of his fifth amendment against self-incrimination.	Lay refused to hand over the papers, confirming the right of his Fifth Amendment against self-incrimination.
Stryi Horne said it was the first time in the history of Texas, that the Comptroller incredible Appropriations Act.	Stryi Horne said in a news release Thursday was the first time that the Comptroller rejects the budget.
If we exclude fees and analysts, on average, expect a loss of 11 cents per share.	I expected to find analyzes of Thomson Financial First Call company a loss of about 11 cents per share, from continuing operations.
Security experts from a wide spread of mass-mailing worm for online warned, which is sometimes like a letter from the founder of Microsoft.	Virus fighters said on Monday, &quot;a new worm spread rapidly through the Internet, and sometimes appear as an e-mail from Microsoft chairman Bill Gates.
Mr. Sahl said that the police identified the bodies of seven of the 14-cell, and you think they had carried out five attacks in almost simultaneously on Saturday.	&quot;He said that the police identified seven bodies of 14 people downloaded the bombings, where they have launched five raids in almost simultaneously on Friday night.
Amgen shares rose 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $ 65.05 in the debate this afternoon on the Nasdaq.	Allergan shares rose 14 cents to 78.40 Dolarvi late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Only New Jersey now prohibits learners permits or intermediate licenses holders from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.	In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA, that state legislation must be enacted to prevent holders of learners&#39; permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
University of Michigan today released a new admission policy, after the Supreme Court of the United States in June rejected the method previously approved for the university.	&quot;The University of Michigan is planning to launch a new adopted policy acceptance of the university on Thursday, after the Supreme Court of the United States in June, refused to accept the demands.
Audio broadcast last week by the Arab television network Al-Jazeera tape appears to be an attempt to incite attacks.	Audio broadcast last week by the Arab television network Al-Jazeera recording, it may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam&#39;s co-existence with the war.
Former chief financial officer, acknowledged the company&#39;s President Franklin Berjonesa pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge and one on June 5, where he agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Last week, he admitted last week, the former chief financial officer of Franklin Berjonesa guilty to a conspiracy charge and one, and agreed to cooperate with the investigation by the government.
The company did not give any details concerning the replacement and repair costs.	But company officials expect to reach replacement costs business millions of dollars.
Dean told reporters traveling aboard his city -10 &quot;Sleepless Summer&quot; it is campaigning in Texas challenge.	Dean finished the day, the fourth day of his trip, the city -10 &quot;summer sleepless,&quot; &quot;in Chicago and New York.
She said: &quot;I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much will I lose my job.&quot;	&quot;Cavender said:&quot; &quot;I felt that I would lose my job. If disagreed with Rosie too much.&quot;
Dollar against the euro fell below $ 1.1624 after it was Dulariom 1.1486 Friday, and traded at $ 1.1594 at 10:15 am in London.	&quot;Dollar against the Alioroaly fell to $ 1.1564 after 1.1486 dollars and was so at 7:30 am on Friday morning.
The US decision triggered angry reactions from the European Commission, which described the move as &quot;unjustified from a legal point of view, no basis in economic and politically beneficial terms.&quot;	Described the European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union Force, called the move &quot;&quot; unwarranted legally unfounded economically and politically beneficial terms. &quot;
The public prosecutor of the United States have arrested more than 130 people and seized more than $ 17 million in the ongoing fraud and corruption on the Internet campaign.	More than 130 people were arrested and $ 17 million of property that has been seized by fraud on the Internet on Friday from three agencies of the US government before.
Ms. Krebs Brook departed last Friday, two days after the submission of the management plan for the distribution of medical marijuana on doctors&#39; offices yet.	Left, director of the medical supply office, Cindy Cripps-Brock, its function after the administration presented a plan to distribute marijuana on doctors&#39; offices.
Morngthaw said: During 2001 and 2002, total remittances amounted to only four out of 40 accounts account for Beacon Hill more than $ 3.2 billion	Morgenthau, said: &quot;bank transfers amounted to Beacon Hill from 2001 to 2002 as part of the four accounts of the 40 open account more than 3.2 Milirdolar.
The last year, an unsuccessful attempt to win the Democratic nomination for governor.	&quot;Faster in the past year to win the Democratic nomination for governor of Texas, but lost the primaries in favor of Alumblyonnertona Sanchez.
The largest distributor in the country, the largest 100 suppliers company has, starting in the use of electronic cards on all goods stores starting from January 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart was the top 100 who had supplied his company, they will need in the future to the radio frequency in the possibility of the presence of cargo warehouses identity systems across the supply chain and so before January 25, 2005.
He was taken to the hospital reserves to conduct X-ray on his neck.	Harvey was taken to St. Luke&#39;s Hospital reserves to do X-ray of his neck, which was a negative outcome.
Morales expressed during the meeting for &quot;regret for pure and remorse&quot; for his actions.	He Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, for &quot;&quot; sincere regret and remorse &quot;&quot; for his crimes.
The law states that women are subject to such abortions can not be prosecuted.	Women who are subject to such abortions can not be prosecuted under the bill.
The judge ruled the United States Judge Edmund Sarjus, the company based in Akron, must specify that changes in one of its plants would increase pollution emissions in general.	The First Energy Corporation should say that a renovation of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, this is what the judge sentenced by US Judge Edmund Sarjus on Thursday.
Galvin said: explorer visited site 65 million times since its introduction.	Visit explorer site has more than 65 million times by Internet users, to the day of Sunday, September 21.
There are 103 Democrat and 47 Republicans in the Council.	Democrats dominated the General Assembly, while Republicans took control of the Senate.
Chavez said investigators feel comforted that they had achieved &quot;at least control of one of the fires solution in this regard.	Albuquerque mayor Martin Chavez, chairman, said that investigators felt satisfaction that despite the arrests have &quot;at least one of the fires have been extinguished.&quot;
Pollard said: &quot;This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James&#39;s family.	Nick Pollard, head of Sky News channel: &quot;&quot; This is a shocking blow for James&#39;s family.
Schwarzenegger said after the meeting with Republicans in Congress: &quot;I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure we are getting more money Federalism for the state of California,&quot;	Hoarznnigerbad one session he said: &quot;I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and to make sure we are getting more money Federalism&quot;
The last glimpse of the best labor markets are a little bit than anticipated by economists, who had predicted claims for reduction of not less than 410,000 last week.	The last glimpse of the best labor markets are a little bit than economists had expected, despite the problems in the labor market.
Gordon said: They raised here and there like a feather. &quot;	It is tossed concrete barriers (between lanes) here and there, such as feathers. &quot;
Complied with the court Shant Joan Mallard, aged 27, on Monday on charges of first degree murder.	Shant Joan Mallard accused, aged 27 years on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.
Barrett said: &quot;Information technology is the only means through which the competition will be the emerging economy could&quot;,	Barrett said: &quot;Information technology is the only means through which the emerging economy will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India.
Linda Saunders admitted in court that they Federalism guilty of six counts, including racketeering, money laundering and conspiracy.	Linesmen Alosbakan Linda Sundersoheme Phipps and Bobby Mclamb admitted both charges Federalism including extortion.
Vivendi shares in Paris closed up 3.8 percent to a record 15.78 euros.	Vivendi shares rose 0.3 percent to 15.62 Aorova Paris at 0841 GMT.
Microsoft said that Linux software that is distributed free, is one of the biggest threats to their sales.	The company has publicly stated that Linux is one of the biggest competitive threats.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro (58 years old), who is currently the director of the Latin American and Caribbean Group Operations, Chief Operating Officer, will become effective from the same date.	He also said too pat: that Antonio Monteiro de Castro, Latin America and the Caribbean director, will become chief operating officer at the date of January 1, 2004.
The statement said: &quot;manipulation and rotation in public relations and propaganda are not the answer.&quot;	The report added that &quot;&quot; spin, &quot;&quot; public relations manipulative, &quot;&quot; is not the solution, &quot;&quot; But this is not to avoid to enter into polemics.
Shooting has been linked Akhrma wave noise occurring in 11 Novmparvi Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the highway.	The recent shooting incident linked with the wave of noise was on November 11 at Hamilton Elementary School in Obetz, which lies about two miles from the highway.
The central bank on Tuesday left interest rates unchanged, as expected, but also announced that the overall risk tended toward weakness, also warned of the risk of deflation.	Central bank left interest rates policy of the Council for the time being, according to many expectations, but surprised the market by announcing that the overall risk tended toward weakness.
The new system cost, depending on the configuration, between $ 1.1 million and $ 22 million	The Tsairalnzam than $ 1.1 million to $ 22.4 million, depending on configuration
A fight broke out in North Korea outside the main Antrzalaalama, after he clashed four journalists from North Korea with a dozen activists from South Korea, to protest against human rights violations	&quot;I caught the problem when he rushed for at least four journalists from North Korea of Taegu Center for Media, to face dozens of activists to protest against human rights violations in North Korea.
Dsta battled kidney cancer for more than a year.	Dsta conducted surgery for cancer in 2001, during which the eradication entirety.
According to Peter Jacobs Foundation&#39;s age com, &quot;The MediaMax fully implement as advertised for companies that have been purchased.	Jacobs said in the statement that, &quot;The MediaMax fully implement as advertised for companies that have been purchased.
It did not hurt Kdirov hurt, but I had four of his bodyguards were among the dead.	While told Itar-Tass news agency that four of his bodyguards were among those killed in the blast.
The company said that the router will be available in the first quarter of 2004, and will cost about $ 200.	Media Oriented WGT634U Super Wireless, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, Sttofferboql than $ 200, according to Ntagar rates.
The Commission estimated the loss of California an amount of 1.34 billion Dolar- more than any other state -To tax shelters in 2001.	The Commission estimated the loss of California the amount of $ 937 million, the company tax shelters in 2001.
Negotiators said on Friday they had made good progress during the last round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement	Negotiators said on Friday they had made progress the last tour around the free trade negotiations between the United States and five countries of Central America this week in Haostun
&quot;It&#39;s very difficult to do large common loans in Japan,&quot; where there is a lack of expertise, says a bank employee	&quot;It&#39;s very difficult to do large common loans in Japan,&quot; says a bank employee
The case comes from within the state of Illinois and involving a nonprofit company called telemarketing company	It settled the case on Monday, and were stationed Holgma donations in Illinois
Every Thursday Committee meets grain management committee in the Department of Agriculture to determine the output of the weekly export tender	Usually meet management committee grain every Thursday in the Committee on Agriculture department - another goal for Wednesday&#39;s attack - to decide on the Naatj weekly export tender
He urged Congress to send me the final bill as soon as possible to be able to legally signed	He said: &quot;I urge the Congress to dispel any difficulties and that the latter sends the bill to me as soon as possible to be able to legally signed.&quot;
Mr. Begin is a lawsuit Health Legal Services in Massachusetts, director, prisoners rights group	Begin said in his organization&#39;s lawyer, said that the legal services reform in Massachusetts has held an interview with the Asan Tuesday
The Yi is a graduate in 1990 at the American Military Academy, at West Point, New York	Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the Military Academy at West Point
&quot;PNC regrets its participation&quot; in the deals, uttered CEO James Rohr said in a statement.	CEO James Rohr said that the NBA CNN regrets the incident
Supported CC AG Bill Carey, discount Rutald, in the governorship election in 2002	I supported Mr. Swan Group of Democratic Governor Bill Carey discount in the 2002 elections.
But they differed then and supported a series of rival Congolese militia in recent years.	Then the two countries differed Algazetan and backed the rival factions.
Health officials in the state today that the young northeast Kansas is likely to have the first case in the state of disease among monkeys, humans or animals	Health officials confirmed today n young northeast Kansas has its first case of the disease, monkeys and the first state west of the Mississippi River
Another said that its members will continue to contact the most phone numbers from 50 million in the list of the Federal Trade Commission	Meanwhile, the Direct Marketing Association said that its members do not connect more than 50 million numbers on the list
Veteran artist Bob Hope turns 100 - and many years spent in the center Alphena- on Thursday	Hollywood is preparing Alahalm celebrate Christmas the 100 legendary artist Bob Hope on Thursday to celebrate
Navistar shares fell 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $ 41.19 in New York Stock Exchange after falling to $ 39.93	Navistar rose a penny to $ 41.64 in late afternoon in New York Stock Exchange after an earlier drop to $ 39.93
US Secretary of State Colin Powell said that relations with Iran will not stop	Colin Powell, secretary of the United States said yesterday that relations with Iran will continue
Airport staff pontoon plane covers 4.5 acres, it took five years to build the ship	Reagan, a floating airport with a flight crew, which covers 4.5 acres, Huhtasa carrier aircraft Alnmetz built in the shipyard in Newport News
The governor said John Baldaci: I am very proud of the citizens of this state	Governor John Baldaci said after the referendum vote counted Tuesday: I&#39;m proud of the citizens of this state
Stout previously worked for the account belonging to the General Electric Company is a capital services company General Electric, where he was a deputy and Director of Technology President and staff of the Information	Stout comes to race GE Capital, where he served as Director of Technology and Information Officer
Only yield of 0.3 per cent for Intel Corp. had fallen	Only Intel Corp. had the lowest dividend
The hospital also entered associates worked infected and classified in good condition	He said that a woman ranked it in good shape on the campus of Memorial Health University Park
Police said the shooting victim was transferred to Knyndz County Hospital, where he died	The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead
Not managers Liberty, though CBS, MGM present comment	Microsoft spokesman was not present immediately for comment
A new study found that 32 of the 16.608 post have been infected with ovarian cancer within 5 years of follow-up	A new study found that 32 out of the 16.608 post have been infected ovarian cancer in about five and a half years of follow-up, of whom 20 women are taking hormones
The reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash, and muscle aches	Symptoms include stiff neck, fever, headache, sensitivity to light
Klein was taken by his quote: &quot;We&#39;ve become like strangers.&quot;	John has told a friend two days before his death: &quot;We have become like strangers.&quot;
Duffy graduated on Sbtefi the University of North West, the god of the associations, with a Bachelor of Arts in religion and philosophy	Duffy began attending the University of North West, the god of the associations, in 1999, the structure that will become the minister
Veteran filmmaker and artist screen Hume Cronin died of cancer on Sunday	Died representative figures Hume Cronin, 91, on Sunday at his home in Connecticut
It is expected to complete the field Blomnt, Skrimshaw, the supervisor, and the best ministers, ten wanted men	Best Minister, Skrimshaw, ten wanted all of them have had training on Monday morning
The Nasdaq composite index fell 23.54 to technology shares, or up 1.42 percent, to 1.630.08	Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index gave broader prevalent highest index up to 11.91 points, a, 1.19 per cent, at 986.60
It was another test VPL missile delivered to the armed forces	State radio said it was the last test before delivering the missile to the armed forces
If, withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, but tomorrow lattes soon	He said the sound, which occurred alluding history as mid-September &quot;would, withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow.&quot;
Director of Government Canyon, Deirdre Hessler said, that the state eyeing for some time on this piece real estate, and she is eager to complete the deal to get them	Director of Government Canyon, Deirdre Hessler, said the state wants some time ago in this piece real estate, and she is eager to complete the deal
According to a press release by the sender Terri Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Johnnie Byrd, spokesman for the state of Florida will present &quot;Therese Bill&quot; during the special session on Monday	It is expected that Johnnie Byrd, Vice Florida in the House of Representatives, &quot;Therese Bill&quot; offers during the Legislative Council session of one-day special session being held today in Tallahassee
As well as volunteer companies throughout the state of Utah to display Amber Alerts on their banners	Volunteer and other companies to put alerts on electronic banners and paintings
Former Archbishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa said on Sunday that he does not know &quot;what all the fuss&quot; over the appointment of gay bishop, but urged the clergy to stay gay Gzba	Says Archbishop Desmond Tutu, a Nobel Prize in South Africa did not understand all the fuss over the appointment of gay bishop, but urged the clergy to stay gay Azba
Russian stocks fell after the arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos oil last Saturday, on charges of fraud and tax evasion	Weekend arrest of Russia&#39;s richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, CEO of Yukos oil major, on charges of fraud and tax evasion led to tension in the financial markets
It expects this year&#39;s sales of $ 94 million and a profit of 26 cents per share from continuing operations	This increase in advance of an expected $ 22.5 1,000,005 cents per share
Signed Hewlett-Packard in September, a deal with the development and marketing of the company	Joint marketing agreement has been signed with Hewlett-Packard Company for four months
It will remain on consumers get a guarantee from the cable employee card to operate the machine	To watch paid TV, on the introduction of consumer warranty offered cable service card for visitors to the device
j Concorde began on Friday, about the time of sunrise and they seem to be launched directly from sunrise	It appeared yesterday directly from sunrise launch the Concorde itself
Announces phase Stage 1 upon the arrival of ozone levels to 0.20 parts per million	The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million
After Hughes refused to hire Hernandez, filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission	Hernandez raise a complaint and filed a lawsuit to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
The three grocery store chain is counting on managers and workers alternate to keep their shops open	The supermarket chain has been used reserve managers and workers to keep their shops open, often reduced hours
The proposal calls Dohurst to an abrupt end to the plan, &quot;Robin Hood&quot; school finance controversial	The Commission will propose an alternative to the system of &quot;Robin Hood&quot; school finance
Countries condemns and other private creditors $ 80 billion at least as well	It condemns other countries for US $ 80 billion at least (108.52 billion dollars)
Marketers call seeking figures in the list after October 1 fines of up to $ 11,000 per call could face	According to the law, they may pay by telephone marketers and those seeking to fine figures in the list of up to $ 11,000 for each violation
While waiting for the arrival of the bomb squad, the bomb exploded, thus giving the death of Wells	The bomb exploded while waiting for the authorities and the arrival of bomb disposal experts
He explained that he had found when he visited Alontatuniras to Weitz in 2001 as an assistant post-doctorate at the University of Bristol in England Research	He explained that he had found when he visited Alontatuniras to Weitz in 2001 while working as an assistant post-doctorate at the University of Bristol in England Research
Located airline Air Canada, the largest in Canada and No. 11 globally, under the protection of the court from creditors since April 1	Aviation company located No. 11 globally, Air Canada under court protection from creditors since April 1
The jackets that reserves the security officer could not fill his place because he was on active military service	The jackets that a reserve security officer was in active service, did not have an alternative Lottery Association in New Jersey
The jury found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by spraying pepper spray on Oliveira-Carrera	Mark Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by spraying pepper spray Oliveira
Pulled out the bodies of some of the dead from under the train, where it was put next to the iron bars until the emergency services came wooden Bhetwabat	It pulled the bodies of many of the dead from under the train derailed in part abroad, where it was put next to bars awaiting identification
Garner said the mayor of Baghdad office self, Mohammed Mohsen al-Baghdadi, had been released two days later under the tutelage of forces Alnhalv	Garner said that Mohamed al-Baghdadi, the mayor of Baghdad Mahmsen position self, has been released after being detained for 48 hours in late April
Prosecutor Samuel Boyle told the Associated Press, &quot;The Enron executives were involved in the scam is broad and diffuse	Boyle said, &quot;the involvement of managers in the Enron fraud on a large scale and diffuse to manipulate the outcome of the company&#39;s profits.&quot;
He Jamerman who heard the case without a jury, &quot;It seems to me that we are dealing here with bragging rights issue, who wins and who loses.&quot;	Jamerman said, &quot;If we set aside attorneys&#39; fees, we are dealing here with the glories of rights about who wins and who loses.&quot;
The customers who pay to $ 1.219 as entry fee get a short text message in 2003 with 10 permits customers to enter device	Estimated retail price for the 2003 short text messages with 10 statements to the client to access the machine to $ 1.219
Indicate the product of a survey of indigenous peoples for the year 2001 issued yesterday by the Office of Statistics Canada that living standards have improved but still lag behind those living outside the reserves	According to a study in 2001 about indigenous issued on Wednesday for the Bureau of Statistics Canada said that living standards are improving but still lags behind the Inuit and those who abandon their usual fill of poverty Services
It should keep the recent changes in the stock market and reduce unemployment demands on consumer expectations at current levels and may indicate more convenient Aguensadah Times later	He has said &quot;perhaps indicating recent changes in the stock market and reduce unemployment to the demands of the more favorable economic times later
While trading was weak today, it was Standrdz &amp; P 500 index was preparing to close the three-month period has the best since the fourth quarter of 1998	Shares closed Standrdz &amp; P index quarter at 120 points, won amends 14 per cent, which is the best performance in the broad market mark since 1998
The researchers discovered the fossils in a semi-desert area of Venezuela, about miles west of Caracas	The discovery of the skeleton of the Vobarames, 250 miles west of Caracas, Venzoilla
ONA said explicitly that it has received intelligence information that the Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to carry out in Bali	But ONA did not receive at any stage of intelligence information indicating that the Islamic group was planning to carry out in Bali
She denied those reports by the Interior Minister Nayef al-Mir	However, he denied the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, reports
Bryant said earlier that the visit had an impact on greater demand than officials expected	Chief Financial Officer Andy Bryant said that the visit was to have a greater impact than expected volume of officials
American women will play carriers title in Philadelphia on September 25, and Echttman Group Competition in September 28	American women will play carriers title in Philadelphia on September 25, and Echttman Group Competition in September 28
The judge can Leroy Millett commutation to life imprisonment without release, where Muhammad was sentenced to officially on February 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action	Although unable to judge commutation to life imprisonment without the release of the captive, experts say that the governors of Virginia rarely take advantage of this opportunity
Mr. McDonnell leads Grant Thornton International investigations in the Italian business sector	Mr. McDonnell wants to prove whether the Italian business sector follows the private Bjerant Thornton audit procedures
The spokeswoman for Strong Memorial Hospital said David in satisfactory condition Tuesday night	Speaking at Strong Memorial Hospital, he said that David was under evaluation in the emergency room on Tuesday night
Ray Brent faces 29 multiple Aamathma about the scam in the burial service, and make false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft	Ray Brent, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a dead body and theft
And then he asked Bresidnt Powell College Pripino him to conclude his speech	After reservation microphone interruption for the second time, he asked him Pripino conclusion of his speech
During the 12 month period ended June 30, the proportion of high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses rose by 45%	During the full year ended June 30, the proportion of lines with high-speed rose to 45%
Ricky Clemons ended the history of the brief&#39;s troubled soccer Missouri basket	Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons from the team, ending its history as spam
US military officials say that the rotor wash in the helicopter may lead to a striking blow	US officials say that the lower the rotor wash from the generator before hovering helicopter has removed the flag from above the tower
It urges the largest association in the industry members on a non-contact, including more than 50 million landline phone number or a cell on the list	Meanwhile, the Direct Marketing Association said that its members must be non-contact, including nearly 51 million specific figure on the list
The settlement was reached to take effect this week after less than two months to take over the management of O&#39;Malley&#39;s fourth-largest local Diocese	It was reached the $ 85 million Treaty in September, after less than two months to take over as manager of Bishop Sean O&#39;Malley largest local bishopric to fourth
Congressman wrote police said that yesterday was the evacuation of US Congressman wrote after authorities revealed the possible presence of hazardous substances in the Senate stand in the basement	US Congressman wrote police evacuated the building yesterday revealed the probe for the possibility of the existence of biological weapons in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm
His spokesman, Jim Kennedy, as the former president gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation	His spokesman, Jim Kennedy, as the former president gave more than 70 words in 2002 without compensation
Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s index fell 971.52 vast Alancharaly 500, worth 0.04 points, or 0 percent	Futures fell for the index contributed to the S &amp; P 500 company worth 2.60 at 965.70 points, while Nasdaq futures fell 7.50 to 1,183.50 worth of points
General Dynamics workers accused of age discrimination reverse due to a change in retirement benefits in 1997	General Dynamics has to sue when their own retirement benefits changed in 1997
One accused important figures in Mahtt bribe former Secretary of State Paul Sylvester Fund on Wednesday, changing his story about the alleged corrupt dealings Sylvester with the Boston investment firm	I saw a key player in the bribe former Treasurer Paul Sylvester scheme on Tuesday about the kickbacks and bribes traded Sylvester acts of state
The task of the second CAPP system and will always remain the aviation security, &quot;said Administration, part of the Department of Homeland Security	They said, &quot;The mission of CAPPS system was and will remain the aviation security&quot;
Hoeven did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said that his client &quot;did not wake up that day,&quot; no one any harm Matzma	Defense lawyer John Speranza The Houaphan, did not wake up that day intent on hurting any one
Daschle wrote, &quot;We believe that it is not necessarily a conflict between us enhanced divisive on the date of the Supreme Almjkmh	Daschle wrote a Republican president, &quot;We believe that there is a need for an enhanced conflict divisive&quot;
Daraash found that Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 of NTT / Verio and 129,378 Infospace	The survey found that another 152,054 are from IP NTT / Verio, Inc. services and 129,378 InfoSpace
The task of a radiation facility Infrared Space Telescope is to search for the beginnings of the universe	It is scheduled to launch NASA&#39;s Space Telescope Facility with infrared Monday morning
The manufacturer produces, illiterate Mead Corporation, headquartered Gaivr Sberg 4 million to 5 million doses this year	Mead illiterate Vaksinz company &quot;produced vaccines Mead illiterate&quot;, maker Vlomist, between 4,000,005 million doses this year
Kaicn appeared Wednesday in federal court on charges of bank robbery	Kaicn appeared Wednesday in federal court, but did not submit a petition
The network announced that the latest movement of high-level Tadblatt in the CNN, Ryan Tia leave her post as general manager for programming United States	In the latest re-rating in the CNN movement, it toppled Pitya Ryan network, General Manager of Programming United States
And suspected of being a leading figure in the Jemaah Islamiyah, a subsidiary of the Al Qaeda terrorist group Tndeim, which is considered responsible for bombings	Samudra is suspected in the universe, 32, a prominent figure in the Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist group affiliated with al-Qaeda, which is considered responsible for carrying out bombings
The head of the fire brigade Albuquerque Robert Ortega, there are about 100 firefighters in El Bosque today	Prime Albuquerque Fire brigade Robert Ortega said, &quot;We were seconds from happening.&quot;
The head of Al Almarlijnz David Samson to San club spokesman: &quot;This issue has been resolved.&quot;	Almarlijnz said only: &quot;This issue has been resolved.&quot;
China&#39;s Health Ministry said that five other people have died because of the SARS disease in addition to the 159 infected	China said on Monday that nine other people have died due to SARS that 160 others have been infected with the virus
It called the respected Lancet medical journal to a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom	The President invited the medical journal in the United Kingdom to impose a complete ban on tobacco, angering smokers group
Additional step recorded by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco is the latest in a decade-long effort	Extra step that recorded Researchers at the University of California San Francisco is the latest effort in a decade-long injury mice infected with the virus
He said that Alogdah and Drug Administration that she had hoped that the Congressman wrote, the courts provide an explanation of the situation and some financial assistance to consumers	He said that Alogdah and Drug Administration that she had hoped that the Congressman wrote, the courts provide an explanation of the situation and some financial assistance to consumers perhaps before the 2004 election
Ernst &amp; Young did not admit any wrongdoing with the settlement	Alenthdt on behalf of Ernst &amp; Young said that the company does not recognize any wrongdoing
The truck driver fled and is now being search for him by the police	But police say he was not found on the truck driver and he is required to investigate
Kosovo was a witness 27-year-old guard positions His criminal convictions for dishonesty were charging 10,000 from the News of the World	Court heard that the witness guard positions Kosovo a 27-year-old are the payment was made to him by the News of the World
Bush said &quot;different and in many ways was the technical prowess of black musicians convey the experience of black Americans throughout our history.&quot;	Bush said, surrounded by Bmatarba Harlem: &quot;The versatility of the black musicians artistic movement of black Americans experience throughout our history.&quot;
The differences between Grassley and Thomas about energy, health care has become very sharp, where other members say that their relationship heated is embarrassing for the party	Their differences on energy, health care has become extremely sharp, making the other members to say that this is embarrassing for the party
Geraldine said Andrew pastor&#39;s wife, said that Robinson had cast her daughter from a psychiatric hospital	Geraldine said Andrew Reynolds&#39;s wife and a friend and Wilson&#39;s family, said Robinson had recently directed her daughter from the clinic to diseases Altvsah
I&#39;ve hit a security guard and then fled, appellants, two passers-by, which escapes through the side of the Corniche	Then he stabbed two passers-by, which escapes from the Corniche Road next to the Mediterranean Sea
He attributed He and his colleagues are some gaps in communication to doctors feeling the time pressure	Some gaps in communication has been attributed to a feeling of doctors pressing the time; the patients referred to the hardship discuss financial issues
State police said that trapped at least 30 workers after the collapse of the garage directly	She said the state police, it is believed that at least 30 had been trapped Hkhadda beginning at home
Baker called to the club before the meeting on the morning of Thursday, poet worried that the controversy has distracted the minds of Cubs	Baker called to a meeting before the game, uncertain that the incident Kourkd-Pat has broken up the team
He was transferred by ambulance to Charzing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith	He has been transferred to Charzing Cross Hospital, where he remained in critical condition last night
Bush gave a speech yesterday, thanking the Committee for its work and said, &quot;our journey into space will go ahead.&quot;	Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the committee for its work and said: &quot;The journey into space will go ahead.&quot;
US ANGELES - &quot;The Hulk&quot; was a monster at the box Altmacrve his first appearance at the weekend, holds a No. opening June record with $ 62.6 million	Got &#39;The Hulk &quot;B62.6 million dollars at the box office, at the opening of the monster new record number in June
That the governor was going to Jackson, where he reported the deaths of 13 of the 16 state	The Keeper going to the state of Jackson, where he killed 13 people
Congratulations on your selection as a figure for the year Time magazine	T
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Co., the rate rose by 11.13 to 9,228.48, while topped the S &amp; P 500 by 1.74 to 982.33	After a weak start, the Dow Jones index ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S &amp; P 500 rose by 3 to 980.59
Falt The indictment literally attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers, and the coordination process	The indictment said that Samudra mother resides in Bangkok, but he attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinate the process
In addition, he was awarded star ratings to the body of primary health care (PCTs) for the first time this year	It was also officially classified Primary Care Authority and the Department of Mental Health for the first time this year
The grant is also an opportunity for Microsoft to comment on the solutions proposed by the Commission	Among other things, it is imperative for Microsoft to comment in response to proposed solutions
Texans team has ridden an angel gets installments missile homes rise in the end aid	Aid looming on the horizon of Texans team laden insurance premiums owners missile homes rise
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jack and qualify for the main elections on February 3	It operates six Democrats and Republicans two seat, and qualified for the February 3 elections, the main
S &amp; P 500 index gained widespread 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84	Nasdaq dominated by technology shares index fell IXIC b 1.55 points, or 0.09 per cent, at 1,744.91
Crews worked to create new water channels and prepare the highway so motorists can use the eastern lines of travel, where storm clouds threatened rain Precipitation	Crews worked to create new water channels and re-tiling the highway until the vehicle drivers to use the eastern lines can travel
Halliburton confirmed on Tuesday allegations that KBR had delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the most favorable terms	Wendy Hall, a spokesman for Halliburton said, &quot;We are sure that KBR had delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms
Alicia Patel told police she had caused her purse when Food Store rapid market left last week after buying the ticket	Alicia Patel inflicted Hakebha after Aptialla Magdy Rady Mega lottery ticket last week, it believes that the ticket had flown away
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to diagnose James after winning the NBA&#39;s annual lottery Thursday night	This was the case Thursday night when they beat Cleveland Kavljerz &quot;Lottery LeBron James&quot; and known in other words, the NBA Lottery PRO
Among workers, the researchers found that short stature workers have the sense of hearing is weaker than expected for their age	Barnz wrote &quot;workers have short stature sense of weaker than expected heard its outlook age, usually three times more than workers taller&quot;
Mr. Kolbn did not specify whether this system is the one who was at the center of investigations	EU did not specify the anti-fraud and the Belgian public prosecutor whether this system is the same that was in the FBI
Limited PC-oriented entertainment in the United States, Canada and Korea Sales	Computers currently sold in Canada, the United States and Korea
The polymer may hear in another warning that Linux poses a threat to Microsoft	In the note, he stressed polymer a threat to Microsoft&#39;s Open Source
Shares of Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index rose 4.83 points known or 0.49 per cent to 980.76	Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 stock index futures fell 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50
Talabani has told The Governing Council would need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions taken	Talabani has told him that Iraq&#39;s leaders need to help the United Nations and advice in the new decisions taken on the organization of an interim Iraqi government by June
Faces Stanford (46-15) team South Carolina (44-20) today in the first round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Nebraska	Faces Stanford (46-15) team South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game within the exclusion double championship
A progress indicator of the SPX Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 famous 11 points, or 1.25 per cent to reach 931	He received Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index to 10.89, or 1.2 percent to 931.12 as of 12:01 am in New York
US Attorney Todd Greenberg said Assistant Attorney General for the fight against terrorism in Seattle &quot;We are expanding all available sources for achieving&quot;	US Attorney Todd Greenberg said Assistant Attorney General for the fight against terrorism in Seattle, &quot;We are cautious of the situation.&quot;
But they do not realize this until it is too late (of course) because they are potential victims of the horror film	But they do not realize this until it is too late (of course) because they are potential victims
Arthur Benson, the lawyer said in the case of children the plaintiffs that he will resume	Children plaintiffs&#39; lawyer said he plans to appeal
The euro fell by about 4 per cent since scoring record level of around $ 1.1935 just last week and its high value at all to 140.90 yen in late May	The euro fell as much as four per Almaihmund scoring record level of almost $ B1.1935 last week, and hit a record high as 140.90 yen in late May
Pennsylvania, which owns more aggressive treatment regimens, treated 548 out of 8.030 prisoners	The state of Texas, author of more than three times the number of prisoners of the state of Michigan, treated 328 of its prisoners of 16,298 injured.
Stocks rose the vehicle laden Nasdaq technology 20.96 points to 1595.91 and closed at its highest since Msnoy 12 Months	Boarded the vehicle stock company bottled Nasdaq index 19.11 points or 1.2 percent to $ 1,615.02 Technology
Nasdaq shares technological company index down 15 points, or 0.98 per cent, to reach 921	S &amp; P 500 index rose famous &lt;broader&gt; slightly to 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921
With a detection feature, all the open windows shrink to fit the screen, but remain clearly enough to distinguish them	With a detection feature (X-Bo-Sai), shrinks all open windows on the computer immediately to fit the screen, but it remains clear enough to distinguish them
Instead, the prosecution dismissed the charges against him and Rucker left the courtroom a free man	Instead, he left the courtroom a free man after denied criminal charges against him by the authorities
Jim Olvkil president of the jury, and the minister is the 41-year-old &quot;This case represented mentally challenging and emotionally drain both said&quot;	The minister said Jim Olvkil president of the jury, &quot;This case was mentally challenging and emotionally drain alike.&quot;
We arrived at the end of this week in the first state visit by the US president&#39;s visit	Mr. Bush arrives on Tuesday in his first visit to the state visit by the President of the United States
It is expected to close the deal, approved by both houses of the two companies managing, in the third quarter from the third quarter of fiscal year Nvidia	The deal has been approved by both houses of the two companies management, it is expected to be terminated in the third quarter of this year
Pre-research firm predicted an increase of 4.9 per cent	The company predicted earlier this year, an increase of 4.9 per cent
Jim King, President of the Senate, said that he could fly to the mixture that stretches the hearing fixed by Bush for more than four days	Jim King, President of the Senate, said the state governor Jeb Bush proposes that the Senate supports cover damages economic Guy
Aktrmen 100 police officers took part in the ceremony, which was the culmination of a two-year process about the investigation into the importing cocaine and money laundering gang	More than 100 police officers fired in raids in London in the final stage of the process of two years of investigation into the importing cocaine and money laundering gang
Excluded special items, fourth-quarter earnings of 64 cents a share compared with 25 cents per share, in last year	Profits were 59 cents per share, for the three months ended May 25, compared with 25 cents a share in the past year
But arrived at the age of 15, to 260 pounds and a difficult decision, the time has come for surgery	But at the age of 15, weighing 117 kg was enormous and reached the difficult decision: It&#39;s time for surgery
She companies, PeopleSoft company will adhere to B863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares	The new value of the deal amounted to $ 1.75 billion, including $ 863 million in cash and 52.6 million shares on behalf of PeopleSoft Inc.
He said, that if he were able to do that all over the world, we will put an end to terrorism	The hospital treats all people, but we were able to do that all over the world, Fsnsttia eliminate Aarhab
In his speech at the Union in January, Bush announced that Britain Almtman Africa that Saddam Hussein recently bought significant quantities of uranium from Africa	In his speech on January 28 State of the Union message, Bush said: &quot;The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently bought significant quantities of uranium from Africa
Net revenue rose to $ 3.99 billion from $ 3.85 billion in the same quarter last year	This is up to $ 1.14 billion during the same quarter last year
If this is your device Comdex Bill Gates, it must have the time has come for new computers Tablets	If that was the Sunday night that the pre Comdex, it must also come it&#39;s time for your Kenot another of Bill Gates
According to reports, he claimed that the horsemen had hit a guard parking badly outside a nightclub in Los Angeles	He was arrested last week, he claimed that he could guard you parking outside a nightclub in Los Angeles
Among those waiting in line were Judy Singer, a girl in the sixth from Washington, DC row	Judy Singer, the sixth of Washington, DC row, waiting impatiently for their role in the microphone
But the Cancer Society has stated that he had been abused studied	The American Cancer Society stated that with many of the scientists that the study was flawed from several quarters
Both are under arrest in Armstrong County Jail	Tatar was on the reservation without bail in Armstrong County Jail today
A few miles farther east after the fall Tehuacan, where you may Tahjn corn for the first time 4,000 years ago	A few miles to the west after the fall Tautewakan, where you may Tahjn corn for the first time 4,000 years ago
Confusion dominated the week noisily to the list, and Olney intended to prevent about 80 per cent of her call telephone marketing	The purpose of the free service was originally to block about 80 percent of the marketing Alcalmat
It divided the 24 other member between representatives of the securities industry, and what are known members of the Board of Directors General	Among the 24 directors are not executives in the stock market, bisected by representatives of the securities industry, and half of the members of the public officials representing specific
Said CEO Marce Fuller, &quot;The stronger our priorities are access to financial re-structuring away from the court, and still we are optimistic we can do it!&quot;	Said Marce Fuller, president Alentive to prick Mirant, &quot;The stronger our priorities are access to financial re-structuring away from the court.&quot;
It is named in the complaint were former executives Kpra A. Powell. Aller c. Richard Thoman former CFO Barry d. Rommerel	The executives are covered by the Executive Directors a former Powell. Alier and c. Richard Thoman, as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Rommerel
Diocese of the mandate of Central Florida on Saturday became the first clan officially rejects national denominations policies on homosexuality	Diocese in central Florida on Saturday voted to reject the decision of the Conference on the national denominations to confirm the appointment of a gay man Kmtaran
Chira to Arkinz, 32, of Manhattan, accused three sham marriages, is also accused of false testimony, offering a forged document	Chara accused of Arkinz, 32, of Manhattan, to make false testimony and submitting a forged document to three decades marriages
It estimated on Thursday that its share of the European market is estimated at 51 per cent	Evil Ke Boston Scientific said it got a 51 per cent market coated stent in Europe
Scheduled to Almsavih Committee of the Senate held a hearing on Tuesday, where he is expected to make a Donaldson testified on hedge and mutual Snandik	It is scheduled that the Banking Committee of the Senate held a hearing on Tuesday, when he will be questioned about Donaldson hedge and mutual funds
The NASDAQ companies for heavy technology index off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13	Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index fell famous, with 0.04 points, or 0 percent at 971.52
Kennedy said &quot;these guys have the right to respect of their personal lives.&quot;	The plaintiffs have the right to respect the personal lives
Mr. Morse is accused in the assault, while Darvic He is accused of providing a false report	Accused his partner Bijan Darvic provide a false police report
Placebo explosion happened, the first event in the exercises, in South Seattle industrial	The explosion caused by radiation dirty bomb, the first event throughout the training week, he signed several acres yard in South Seattle industrial
The third new work for the post of Vice President and Director of Personnel Aatnive	Bruce was appointed n. Hawthorne was Executive Vice President and Director of Personnel
Commission fees reduced because of Patton set improperly for Conner in the Kentucky Lottery and then a pair Colin, Seth, also set improperly, the Council of Agricultural Development	The Commission also appointed Patton Conner in the Kentucky Lottery said, Ost Conner in the Industrial Development Board
McGill also recounted in detail about the hole that has been set in a car Alcabres Fund	McGill also said that the gloves have been dark inside, filling the hole that has been set in a car Alcabres Fund
Analysts had expected a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call	Analysts speculated that second-quarter sales are estimated at $ 614 million, according to Thomson First Call
The neighborhood has also sent letters yesterday to inform parents situation	Parents have received letters learning the probability of occurrence of contamination yesterday
