But other sources close to the auction said that Vivendi has kept the door open to further offers in the next day or two.	But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
Upgrade will be available as a free download for existing customers with the support of Smart Network in the month Enyermn 2004.	The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
&quot;US officials did not say whether the US forces, acting on behalf of intelligence, had crossed the border into Syrian territory, and were marred by uncertainty about how the involvement of the Syrian guards.	The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
The battle rages on about VeriSign discovered three weeks ago, the site service.	VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
It was put lessons last night in the isolation room at the same prison.	Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
Hit Amelie, aged 51 years, SARS, when she was working as a nurse in a public hospital, North York, the second outbreak of the disease center.	The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi surrendered in June; where his deputy was killed in an exchange of fire with Saudi forces recently.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
For the King County Supreme Court Judge Charles ml holding the trial, until Monday.	After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
Supporters of Google in its early stages are: Stanford University, California-based, capitalist firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.	Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
Overshadowed celebrations and gatherings on the occasion of the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong&#39;s return to China on July 1, 1997.	July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
Palm Inc. announced Wednesday it plans to buy Handsebreng Inc., a company created by the dissident Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.	Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
Sentenced on Friday to the Cuban architect sentenced to 20 years for the use of two hand grenades and imaginary to hijack a passenger plane was traveling from Cuba to Florida in April.	The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
He said: I do not want to be a sponsor of her, because it&#39;s not our proposal, but on the other hand, it will not respond in a negative way.	"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it".
The government recently parked peace talks, which mediated neighboring Malaysia on the shelf, after a series of attacks in Mindanao, including three fatal bombings, and she blames on the front.,	The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
That was up from a quarter last year, when the company earned 54.3 million dollars, or 22 cents per share.	The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Along with Boston, will follow both Watertown and Sagos two smoke-free.	Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday evening by the police based on secret information.	He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
Israeli soldiers began to demolish the outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli commitment under a new peace plan in the Middle East.	ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
The union said it will unveil later in the target string.	The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
&quot;Innocent or not,&quot; &quot;have damaged goods,&quot; said Howard Davytautz, President Dafedotzucrkah Inc., a national consulting firm in New York fragmented.	Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
The new products include the part of the latest desktop versions of the channel gate and the gate Pro.	The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
Eventually Scott Dixon won the Honda Indy 225 car that looks easy on Sunday in the global race Pix Beck Square.	Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
He said Jim Williams, project director visit the United States: that by mid-November, inspectors will also take fingerprints and photographs of many foreign passengers coming to Atlanta.	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
Ankara says that the four suicide bombers, all of whom are Turks.	Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
Kodak expects a profit of 5 cents to 25 cents per share in the third quarter.	In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
Thousands of people celebrated the decision, and vowed to press for more legal rights, including gay marriage.	From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
Major fires have led to ignite the 264,000 acres at the beginning of last night.	By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
Nations such as Israel and Australia already have the same situation.	Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
Results will be published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, in the issue on Wednesday.	The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
Cradle for h2200 has a place to recharge the battery again.	Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
US forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six insurgents and detained 99 others during a patrol 1729 and 25 raid Nqzt over 24 hours.	U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
Astshl one of the men to the Turkish-English dictionary and pointed to the word &quot;&quot; refugee &quot;	One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
&quot;He was close cooperation between the agencies and the implementation of regional law and intelligence, the heart of the battle against terrorism.	"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.
The meeting took place one day after the removal of the US Department of Defense for the first time Dlajr- officer for failing to address the scandal.	The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
In 2006, Agen Pacific Airways will give a report on the growth rate of 7.9 percent to reach 81.8 billion dollars.	In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
Captain Robert Ramsey said of the first US Armored Division: the truck that exploded outside the building at about 11:00.	Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
B.o said: that the second quarter, which included an unofficial strike at Heathrow Airport, it was difficult	They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
Later this year, the leadership will send trainers with soldiers from four countries of North Africa in the Journal of the tasks of intelligence gathering.	This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Cast against the Bush administration blamed a wave of bombings and insurgent attacks on Saddam loyalists and Islamist militants of foreigners who have entered Iraq to fight against US forces.	The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
Hikers doctors confirmed later that he had broken his right leg near the groin, was also wounded Peixorvi wrist and elbow.	It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
It is expected to make a Spitzlahaka testify for the defense.	The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
Dr. Patrick Balux President of France Association of Emergency Physicians, said: &quot;This is Mgiwl&quot;	"The figures are becoming catastrophic," said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
Kovillo said: &quot;What happened to you, sir, for punishment, it is definitely more than enough.&quot;	"Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough," Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
Mother also claimed that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the clash in 1998.	The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
&quot;In Nairobi, the priest of All Saints Cathedral, Peter Karandjabnevsh said that the Episcopal Church distance itself from the Anglican Communion	The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
Spaenchen Flash memory solutions are available worldwide through AMD and Fujitsu.	Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
&quot;Domestic sales decreased for both General Motors and Ford Muturno. 2 company more than he divined it, and prompted a wave of sales late summer of reaction larger than expected in the industry.	The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
&quot;Tropical storm developed rapidly in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday, and can withstand hurricane-force winds when it hit land anywhere along the Louisiana coast on Monday night.	A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
Pressure will intensify today, with local coverage for the final round planned by ESPN and words that are more difficult.	The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
&quot;The head of the Lipa Richard Kessel: This means that the cable can be used&quot; &quot;as we see fit.	Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
A key part of the agreement was the implementation of a special assembly to control health care spending, and setting goals for the system and measure the progress of health care reform.	Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
Dane stayed at the University of California in San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years at AT &amp; T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.	Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
British Airways shares fell three percent, or 165-1 / 4 pence at 09:33 GMT, less than 164 pence, the strongest market	Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
Number of county residents of Orange italics red, pussy and Almadison will drop.	Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
Ruled both the House and Senate legislation to end the ban on research and development of nuclear weapons in low-yielding.	The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in the spinal cord and around the brain and what to man.	Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
The Associated Press reported that each of the companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, have worked together to produce about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which is usually sufficient to meet demand in the United States.	The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
Mayor Joe T. said. Parker: Missing workers who were inside the building when the first explosion took place were two men and a woman.	Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
Council official, based in London, said Ali Safavi, told Reuters by telephone: &quot;We condemn this attack, which is illegal in our opinion, can not be politically nor morally justified.&quot;	London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
Investigators discovered the existence of a fragment within the greatness of a length of 4 inches Thursday night, but authorities said they greatness animal.	Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
The message is a bomb, was sent to Prodi, who exploded in his hands but he was not hurt.	It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
Nearly half of the total Aloosrovi the United States to have money in mutual funds.	Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
James denied the lawyer to the third, which represents al-Halabi, has denied the accusations, according to the Associated Press.	Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
Schwartz had sought to reject the accusation, saying that New Hambashaarcan wrong place to charge it.	Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Aatdhiroskal of the court, and his staff and his family, then asked him to leniency.	Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
He said: Since early May, the city received a report in 1400.	Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
&quot;Organization Forrest said of the right to the enjoyment of tobacco smoking, they received an invitation to the Lancet for&quot; &quot;entertainment and disbelief.&quot;	But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
House of Representatives approved last two conferences bills, but the Senate did not.	The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
It gives the investment firm to Arkspor, California-based eBay Star Co., more than 2.9 million shares of common stock of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, or 17.5 percent of the company&#39;s outstanding shares.	Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
But it can be fatal to the elderly and those with weakened immune systems.	The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
&quot;The opening of six new Krispy Kreme stores in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.	The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
Ezell said: &quot;My understanding of this is that there is less gratification of successful operations with the proportion of the freeze.&quot;	Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
&quot;The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday to attack the broader problem is worsening rapidly from spam authorities, and that new studies show that it is half of the total e-mail traffic accounts.	The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
In the last survey in 1995, those numbers were equal.	The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
Federal officials said the document remained closed until Thursday morning, to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.	A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
&quot;What&#39;s happening here is that people who opposed this work in all parts, trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.&quot;	People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
Klarmen by FBI agents arrested Monday morning at his home in New York.	Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
Tell Bishop O&#39;Brien, aged 67-year-old police he thought he hit a dog or a cat.	The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
Gartner said, &quot;there will be 9.3 million visits to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002.	The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
Richard Miller, 57, survived after liver transplant life-saving, but it is still in the hospital.	Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
SCO spokesman was not able to cooperate to reach for comment this afternoon.	Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
&quot;American workers decreased who have insurance to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.	The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
Federal courts have ruled that the statue monument violates the constitutional prohibition against the founder of the state religion.	Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
Families were urged outstanding on the highway to stay in their cars, and use their own cell phones only in case of emergency.	Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
&quot;Oaaterv that I have acted inappropriately,&quot; he said	In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
The boxes filled with copies of the strong packaging, &quot;&quot; Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. &quot;	A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
It added that it was &quot;&quot; fully cooperative &quot;&quot; with police since November.	A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
People who previously thought that their blood pressure is fine, in fact, they need to start exercising and eating better, that&#39;s according to new US guidelines to be published on Wednesday.	People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
He said: &quot;But at this stage, given the early detection, it can be like a positive outlook in these cases,&quot;	"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," the specialist said yesterday.
Actually approved agency Amazon and the prosecutor&#39;s office in New York a fake e-mail.	Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
It has been subjected to further tests over the weekend, where he now languishing at Raffles Hospital.	They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
&quot;In New York, the Dow Jones industrial index, which is equivalent to the value of 30 stocks an excellent 3.29 points, or 0.04 percent to 8,585.97 rose.	In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
The average error in the track for five days (depending on outlook) is 323 nautical miles.	For the entire season, the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles, Franklin said.
Doubled its rich media, specializing in ad formats, its share of 3% in the second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003.	Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003.
Mr. Burke said: &quot;&quot; Balntr to the circumstances, it was down planned &quot;	"It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances," Burke said.
Elegant company&#39;s shares closed on Wednesday at US $ 23.40, up 64 cents, on the Nasdaq market trading.	Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Under the law .911 call is non-public information in Rhode Island	By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
&quot;Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said on Tuesday: to locate the remains of militants from the ousted Saddam Hussein regime in Iraq, it will take time.	It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.	"انخفضت أسهم شركة فرانس تليكوم 3.6 في المئة في حين ارتفعت  أسهم شركة أورانج 13 في المئة.
Bremer said he would launch a program worth $ 70 million in the next two weeks, to clean up neighborhoods in Iraq, and building community projects, but gave no details.	Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
As well as figures showed Micron also the first quarterly profit for three years for the plant AMD.	Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
Customers were having dinner and playing bingo when a bomb exploded at the Casa de Espa.	When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
Authorities conducted autopsy on Thursday in one of the three bodies recovered from under the pouring new concrete layer, in the basement of a northwest Indiana homes.	A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
While Saalaa was commander of the leadership in the Iraq war, but the hundreds who ran the war, returned to the United States	Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
Check two federal agencies Lucent Technologies-tech equipment makers, for possible violations of bribery laws in the United States, in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
McBride said, will be announced details on pricing within a few weeks.	SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
It achieves the Nasdaq weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, to close at 1,520.15 after receiving 30.46 points yesterday.	The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
Britain&#39;s Foreign Office said it brokered the release of the two men.	The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
Each week 138 million shoppers visit 4750 stores from Wal-Mart stores.	Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
Sources in the industry said that the races Fontana&#39;ll get a second NASCAR race in the May Day holiday, starting from next season.	Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand the strengths and weaknesses we have and the fact the world.	Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."
She said: &quot;I started out in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War,&quot;	"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.
Blovski said a formal investigation team will not start due to the expiry of the statute of limitations has expired.	Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
In his letter, McBride accused the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat in an attempt to undermine US copyright laws.	He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
&quot;In the last morning session on the Nasdaq Stock Market, shares rose Oryx 74 cents or 10%, to $ 7.94.	Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
Antzarousol while the bomb squad, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.	Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
Rejection of the FBI and the CIA, and Canada&#39;s spy agency and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police refused to comment on the Washington Times report	Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
This was a constant problem has not been solved, mechanically Oojsudaia, &quot;This is what a board member, Steven Wallace.	"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved," investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (news, chart, profile for the $ D.j) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to reach the level of 8588.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
Also pledged to peace in Iraq, &quot;&quot; Americans for Aataklon their position, we have to see the end of this adventure.	"Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said.
During the 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but is not considered important things.	At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
He added: &quot;&quot; There is no doubt about the chemical program, the biological program is already a nuclear weapons program.	"There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN," he said.
Gabriela Lemus said, policy director of the University of the legislation: &quot;It looks like the rest of the issues that we support, he does not want.&quot;	"It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
Frankel said he will work rules in peace Brickens stakes in 17 of May.	In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
American environmental scientist Jillian Gregg said: I know this sounds unexpected, but it&#39;s true: the worsening pollution in the city, especially ozone, is the most stringent in the country trees	"City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees," says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
Ridge said will not use any real explosives or other harmful substances.	Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after he was expelled from the University of New Mexico Lobos because of temper tantrums, became a born again Christian in June 2002.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
&quot;This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.&quot;	This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
He added: Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law.	Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
The Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 Index wider 0.17 points, or 0.02 percent only, for up to 934.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
Marching through the narrow and winding valley, down the slope 60 feet, and walked about six miles down the canyon near the Valley National Park in southeastern Utah.	On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
Amnesty International said it had gathered over the past 20 years About 17,000 disappeared in Iraq	Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
Dow Jones industrial average dropped &lt;.DJI&gt; 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9568.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
Can the charges of espionage and aiding the enemy that the claim for the death penalty.	If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
Unusual step I&#39;ve taken a very skip the Council of Ministers to attend the meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.	She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry said: &quot;We hope that all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue.&quot;	"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
&quot;In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and Christian rituals of modern, people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe kept them poor since that meal in a long time.	In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
Dow Jones industrial average dropped &lt;.DJI&gt; 7.75 points or 0.08 percent to reach 9,175.47.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
Normally present prairie dogs in the southern states of Western and Western, but not original from the state of Wisconsin.	Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying he had never discussed with regard to personnel matters.	Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
Court held in that case that the city of Cincinnati violated the First Amendment only in Hzrkiibat publicity that follows the interests of aesthetics.	In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
&quot;Re-load&quot; &quot;is the second installment of the trilogy&quot;; &quot;The Matrix Revolutions&quot; and scheduled for the first time in the month of November.	The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
The Justice Ministry said that &quot;less than 10&quot; &quot;Vdiralah offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques.	In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
The news comes in conjunction with the Java Developers Conference (Sanz) Annual San Francisco.	The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
The royal family is preparing to reveal more in terms of the Royal Decree, Ppalartkazaaly elapsed time for the Diana, Princess of Wales, with the former slave.	A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
The arrests come just days after Israeli troops killed Abdullah Qawasmeh, the armed group&#39;s leader in Hebron after.	The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
The company said last month: has sacked CEO Mickey Robinson for some reason in September.	Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.	SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
Apple Kmbiotriom said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by more than 1 million songs sale, since the launch of the music store online a week ago.	Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
He was arrested twice before to infringe upon the property of others, where prevent from entering the compound.	He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
&quot;The fund sectors are used as weapons by the 19 hijackers in the September 11, 2001 attacks.	Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
Mr Klarman was charged with 16 charges of fraud.	Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
Mario Almeida said of Meteorology Authority Portuguese &quot;It was the heat wave because of a mass of hot air, dry air from the southeast.	The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
He said Wyden and Dorgan on Monday in a letter to the Defense Ministry.: That the money spent by taxpayers to create galleries terrorist bet, are wasteful of funds as they are disgusting	"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.
Police believe that Wilson launched Narbadhaaly Ginnie Mae Robinson once in the head, before he went on the weapon itself.	Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
Murmn Alabama says that he would appeal his case to the Supreme Court in the country.	On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Arm was kept in a separate room, but monkeys can be pursued provided by watching the representation of the arm and moves on a video screen	The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
&#39;Protest led to a standoff with police 47 hours, which caused huge traffic jams in Washington and northern Virginia city center.	That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
Mahrstandrd Land Pourzalousa rose 500 range 6.48 points or 0.66 percent to 990.51.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
US Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman released Monday Ministerial Conference for three days, and an exhibition of agricultural science and technology.	Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, put its forces on high alert last week.	According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
Create interests entrenched themselves for control of the Internet bottleneck points, and they are pressing the FCC to help and support, which could lead to loss	Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
&quot;The fighting has continued sporadically in the West, where he held because of the presence of Liberian stiff in the battle on both sides.	Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
It&#39;s holiday birthday Taioralsnoa National Audubon Society, now is the season of 104	This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
&quot;Southwest Organization said that the passing traffic rose by 4.6 percent in the quarter, an increase of 4.2 percent.	Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
They based their beliefs on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.	Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
&quot;Found often twice Hlat Palace among those who suffer from hearing loss.	They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
&quot;We were encouraged executives of Cisco Dolarcciolh of $ 1.3 billion in cash, and an increase in net income, but they said they are still&quot; cautiously optimistic &#39;&#39; about the recovery.	Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
Schumacher said in a statement: &quot;I do not give any consideration to resign.&quot;	In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
&quot;Bulger&#39;s brother, an informant of the FBI past, is now in the law enforcement agency&quot; to &quot;10 wanted&quot; list.	Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
But church members and observers say they predict here that creates a decision for some Episcopal doctrinal problems who believe that the Bible forbids homosexuality.	But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
Joneson said the injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital, died later in the morning, were not disclosed his name.	The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Caesarean section was planned to take place in mid-November, two weeks ahead of schedule.	Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
&quot;The virus spreads when users open Alkmpiotralmtminon attached files in e-mail messages that contain familiar titles such as&quot; &quot;thank you&quot; &quot;and&quot; &quot;Response: Details&quot;	Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
&quot;Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s index rose 500 &lt;SPX&gt; 5.51 points or 0.56 percent to 981.73.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
&quot;The founding members of (the F-CE) are Hitachi, Matsushita, (NEC), Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.	Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
Says David Rubik, Mdermkhatr communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis: &quot;It&#39;s not zero.&quot;	Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
On the other hand, it is sometimes tells John she was still sleeping with her ex-boyfriend, &quot;&quot; Butch, &quot;&quot; Michael Bergin huge. &quot;	During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will help to show the innocence of Steve, we welcome it. &quot;	On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Again refused appeals court in Florida on Tuesday, preventing removal of the tube.	Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
He said he also expects to get the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.	Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
Steve Squyres, scientist at Cornell University, a principal investigator assigned missions and scientific instruments.	Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
The new virus affects Aleuendozmn systems: 2000, XP, TNT 4.0 service in 2003.	Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
&quot;He has been arrested seven male students between the ages of 20-21 years, continued outside the rooms of the campus hotel in Mbkrmen time on Saturday with a teenage Iammarhma of 16 and 18 years.	Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
&quot;I continued my company McDonald&#39;s and Wendy&#39;s shares Antaachehema in recent times from Monday, up more than 1 percent in New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trading.	Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
It can then be sent the case to the UN Security Council.	Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
Torque with some lawyers to continue to stay, even Alnehrpalanhsar begins	He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
According to his Web site: Saint Sophia hosts religious retreats for children camp during the summer months, and other events throughout the year.	The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
Jamestaraly top shares rose as stated in the news, and closed up 2.6 percent at $ 5.49 on the Nasdaq.	Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
&quot;Tito Barbana, the regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.	"The European Union is basically absent," said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
Joint ventures with Intel Corporation for the manufacture of chips, including Sony, Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard Company, a global business machines, Jatoia, Nokia and others.	Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
The army said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six others injured.	The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
&quot;In a show of mutual cooperation, it worked Kroger, which owns both firms Ralph, and Albertson on securing its workers in the next morning.	Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
&quot;The number of Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the census for the month of April 2000, despite the social and economic conditions that are less favorable than 1990.	According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
The stock jumped nearly 7 percent in trading before the opening, rising from 17.05 Dolaraly 18.26 dollars at the close on Tuesday.	Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
We do not need an exemption from the inconsequential tax plan.	He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
&quot;Another trick magician Harry Potter?	Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
&quot;Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine, and one of the few companies that are still manufactured by.	Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
Dow Jones industrial average dropped (.DJI) 79.43 points or 0.86 percent to 9,117.12 on Friday.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
&quot;We are in the Stanley Cup finals, where she was the way we played in the first two games a little embarrassing.	"It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games," Thomas said.
Perry said he supports the Senate&#39;s efforts, including fines, to force Democrats to return	The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
The team naming Ala_i_arlthalil device and cellular notifications against the risks and rewards Canary device.	The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
Mackey said in a statement that &quot;Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated.	His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
It rose the S &amp; P 500 index of 15.66 to 1,046.79, the best progress since October 1, when it rose 22.25.	It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
The transfer of Charles Cullen, 43, from Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the forensic center Anne Klein, to bed No. 150 at a facility for treatment of mental illness in Trenton.	Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.	تم تصميم ستاردست لجمع الآلاف من جزيئات الغبار المتدفقة من وايلد 2.
The company said that &quot;Wen SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier after nine seconds.	Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
The long-awaited launch of Altqriralve on how to deal with the government of the Hong Kong outbreak of SARS syndrome.	The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
Flight No. 5481, on board the American Airlines that crashed in the January 8, was judged to be weighing a maximum take-off in the range of 100 pounds.	The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Bloomberg said, &quot;I will try to march with a number of different groups.	Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
Seem attack similar to the attacks mounted near the foreign residential compounds in Riyadh on May 12, where officials blamed on al Qaeda.	The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
Stocks fell in scripts ESRX.O about 4 percent to $ 66.73 on the Nasdaq in late trading this morning.	Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
That was the largest decline since August of 1993, where the decline stems from Osaarcell of cars and trucks, men and boys, clothes and cigarettes.	The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
Winner said: The work of security personnel &quot;well within standards&quot; where the two staff aides &quot;are very sorry for all that happened.	Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
&quot;We have put a lot of effort and energy to improving the patching process we have, and maybe later we should.	"We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.
&quot;International rescue workers search heavily yesterday, for survivors in the rubble, and in Almkabralta overflowed with water, in the city of Bam, located on the ancient Silk Road in Iran	International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
Griffiths, 77, who grew up on the pure mountain air, now lives in Manteo.	Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
Rosa said, &quot;you will get the academy next week on its own rules of procedure, where it will be years.	He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
President said that the boy once fled toward the wall, the room workshops using fire extinguishers, making visibility difficult	The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
The Conference Board said, &quot;that the consumer confidence index stood at 83.5 in June, down slightly from the revised budget for the month of May, a 83.6.	The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
One Iraqi politicians said after meeting with Mr. Bremer: &quot;I&#39;ve noticed a change in the public mood in regards to their own priorities.&quot;	"I notice a mood change in their priorities," one politician said.
Munson said: &quot;The clear message here is that it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease.&quot;	"But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition."
&quot;I have lost the former supermodel Ms. McCartney her leg in a car accident in 1993, it is natural that had been installed steel plates in her hip, which would make a natural birth is difficult.	Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
Each of meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts are stored, by more than 100 dealer sentence in Chicago.	The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
Vice President Dick Cheney says that the receipt of the Mississippi Republican for governor in Haley Barbour could very well be, because of his intelligence in the government administration and other work.	Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
Emil hit La Rosa, 51, infected with SARS, while she was working as a nurse in a public hospital, North York, the latest outbreak of the SARS virus type II center.	The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
&quot;Redman allowed to wildly beat them or less in six of his nine runs.	Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
Sales were left to Mr. Turner about 45 million shares in AOL company.	Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
He also recruited other people to receive goods obtained by fraud, was dedicated to him	He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
&quot;Total shipments 19.5 million units reached in the past year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.	Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
He disappeared on Saturday morning chiffon Pennington, after the arrangement of the meeting with Toby, aged 31 years.	Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
Annexation Mets player not Sting Madig, a player the defense of the state of Florida, the 12th player with the approval.	The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
In the wake of the Columbia accident, which left three remaining shuttles, the new recruits must wait for a longer period.	Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
Bremer, 61, is a former aide to former ministers of state such as William Rogers and Henry Kissinger.	Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
&quot;Moore, the suspended Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama, to stand trial before the judicial authority of the Court of Alabama.	Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
Hafiz Dow average Jonesalsnaaa index (.DJI) on 97 points, or 1.14 per cent to 8.699.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
And according to the arrest warrant, he had Bryant, 24, of assaulting a woman in June 30.	An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
Based on the 66 percent of those surveyed, it was put Kerry positive, where he earned a 57 percent Krtbh Dean.	Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
Kombozat Nasdaq index dropped high-tech stocks Laden by 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to reach 1645.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
Smash Twenty-four players record in the first round, the third highest number in the history of the US Open.	As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
According to a spokeswoman for Oracle: Not put those talks.	Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Lawyers and others who say they are familiar with the investigation that Turkazla still on Campbell, while federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation.	Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
A spokesman for Hollywood star, Robert De Niro, said today that his condition was diagnosed the presence of prostate cancer.	FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Ralph stopped Krogeroslsh Albertsons chain immediately affiliates grocery workers a show of solidarity.	Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
It sought for seven years to get the position of the observer, but ordered before rejected again, in the May 19, at the annual conference of the World Health Organization in Geneva.	Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
Nasdaq Kombozat Index by 2.95, or 0.2 percent, during the week to 1,912.36 after the bump by 37.78 yesterday.	The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
Shares (IBM), the ratio of US $ 1.75, or 2.11 percent, to $ 84.50 in New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Confirming the existence of the first case and the only humans to West Nile virus this year, by health officials in the September 8.	A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
Christine Iwan, CEO of the National Center for Breast Cancer, said: There is no need to panic.	National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
Retired CEO of the company, resigned as chief financial officer.	Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
New Democrats also renewed their commitment to the lack of privatization or any premiums on health care.	On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
&quot;However, we&#39;re not sure until the results of the discussions of Allan&quot;	But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
Average Dow dropped (blue chip) to .DJI, 86.56 points or 0.94 percent to 9,109.99, after giving up earlier for more than 1 percent.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
&quot;The bill is among the first 13 items, which Congress must passes each year to fund the federal government.	The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
&quot;According to (ESPN) that the deal held by Knight for two years worth of $ 2,380,000, including a grant of $ 300,000 signing.	Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
This technology is used during the second trimester, and sometimes the third trimester of pregnancy.	The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
Shares will begin Inc. (Palm Source) trading in the stock market on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange, as part of the deal, in Wednesday under the symbol: (ABC RCG).	The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
&quot;The boxes filled with copies of the hardcover of&quot; &quot;Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.&quot;	Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
The grant also funds the beach water testing in King George County, and Norfolk and Virginia Beach.	Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $ 21.76 a share, in the mid-term trading in New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
He said that the attackers left leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working.	He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
&quot;With the intensification of diplomacy in its ongoing since almost 10 months of the crisis, the Chinese Foreign Minister, Li Zhaoxing, a trip to Japan on Sunday, during which he will go to South Korea on August 13.	With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
However, neither he nor peace rules that can keep the genocide funny away from the clouds.	Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
&quot;The Federal Reserve Board also said that risks to the economy is moving towards weakness.	Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
&#39;&#39; He said Mkjrioy &quot;were not the affected area of ​​the garage in stable condition, with a real possibility of the collapse of the secondary.	"There is the real potential for a secondary collapse," Gov. James McGreevey said.
&quot;With 97 percent of precincts tonight statistics, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax code.	At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
&quot;The government did not specify what (Taakntz) - a term taken from (Taakoonj), a Chinese word for space.	The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.
It was expected to be re-elected Graham for a second term of one year, in later on Tuesday.	Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
According to the notice (WEF 3C) still &quot;changes to IE,&quot; &quot;could affect a large number of existing Web pages.&quot;	"These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued.
Dr. James Young, Ontario&#39;s Commissioner of Public Safety, said: &quot;We are in the most waking up.&quot;	"People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
The researchers gave copies of &quot;&quot; Dr. Atkins New Diet Revolution, &quot;&quot; to those who have stopped eating Alkryoheidarat.	The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
Ascal and admitted his guilt on charges of domestic trade in the past year, is scheduled for trial on June 10.	Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
Barbana said the EU could reach a compromise, but wants a system to describe such foods, something the industry has resisted doing.	Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
The fire spread to many of the surrounding buildings, and property destroyed, where the restored House of Representatives firefighters.	The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
&quot;The rapper&#39;s lawyer, 27 years old (Mark Gan) is no longer a second to make calls for comment after the civil case.	The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
Zambrano made seven innings, and allowed him wildly on five hits and walking four.	He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
Frist .r- said Tan on Thursday: &quot;I am absolutely confident that we are coming to the draft law,&quot;	Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
The American Anglican Council, he said, which represents Episcopal conservatives, it will ask permission Ba separate province in North America starch because of the events of last week.	The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said: It is expected to be completed by the Korean deal to fly, &quot;&quot; in the coming weeks. &quot;	Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
The stock closed at EDS company on Thursday to $ 18.51, up 6 cents, in New York Stock Exchange.	Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in the state of Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.	Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
The Supreme Court said on Monday that the government can be imposed on public libraries provide computers with filters to combat child pornography. But librarians who have rejected the law complained that the law amounts to censorship.	A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
The vulnerability lies in the visual basic program for Microsoft way, so existing applications Properties on the audit document, which is passed to it when you open the document.	The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
Of the 24 million votes were cast him by phone, Stoddard was just 130,000 votes ahead in the state of Aiken.	Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
Consumers can enter a credit provided by the cable service that card in order to participate in watching TV.	Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
However, we decided Achtjarmhrk the EU as the best solution at all.	However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
Food and Drug Administration rejected a request by the company (ImClone) in the original December 2001, saying that the trial had been neglecting.	The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
Dodgers team won the sixth match in a row and seventh in the last nine games for them, which overcame a 3-2 Colorado team, on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
Authorities also examined recently in a subsidiary for each of Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana areas, and Michigan.	So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
It claimed on Thursday, Post newspaper in an article that is likely to have been cut by 50 basis points from the US Federal Reserve	On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
Heatley, who underwent surgery on Saturday because of a broken jaw and MRI, two torn ligaments in his right knee found.	Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
Lay refused to hand over the papers, confirming the right of his Fifth Amendment against self-incrimination.	Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
Stryi Horne said in a news release Thursday was the first time that the Comptroller rejects the budget.	Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
I expected to find analyzes of Thomson Financial First Call company a loss of about 11 cents per share, from continuing operations.	Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
Virus fighters said on Monday, &quot;a new worm spread rapidly through the Internet, and sometimes appear as an e-mail from Microsoft chairman Bill Gates.	Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
&quot;He said that the police identified seven bodies of 14 people downloaded the bombings, where they have launched five raids in almost simultaneously on Friday night.	Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
Allergan shares rose 14 cents to 78.40 Dolarvi late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA, that state legislation must be enacted to prevent holders of learners&#39; permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.	Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
&quot;The University of Michigan is planning to launch a new adopted policy acceptance of the university on Thursday, after the Supreme Court of the United States in June, refused to accept the demands.	The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
Audio broadcast last week by the Arab television network Al-Jazeera recording, it may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam&#39;s co-existence with the war.	The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
Last week, he admitted last week, the former chief financial officer of Franklin Berjonesa guilty to a conspiracy charge and one, and agreed to cooperate with the investigation by the government.	Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
But company officials expect to reach replacement costs business millions of dollars.	The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
Dean finished the day, the fourth day of his trip, the city -10 &quot;summer sleepless,&quot; &quot;in Chicago and New York.	Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
&quot;Cavender said:&quot; &quot;I felt that I would lose my job. If disagreed with Rosie too much.&quot;	"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.
&quot;Dollar against the Alioroaly fell to $ 1.1564 after 1.1486 dollars and was so at 7:30 am on Friday morning.	The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
Described the European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union Force, called the move &quot;&quot; unwarranted legally unfounded economically and politically beneficial terms. &quot;	The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
More than 130 people were arrested and $ 17 million of property that has been seized by fraud on the Internet on Friday from three agencies of the US government before.	U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
Left, director of the medical supply office, Cindy Cripps-Brock, its function after the administration presented a plan to distribute marijuana on doctors&#39; offices.	Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
Morgenthau, said: &quot;bank transfers amounted to Beacon Hill from 2001 to 2002 as part of the four accounts of the 40 open account more than 3.2 Milirdolar.	During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
&quot;Faster in the past year to win the Democratic nomination for governor of Texas, but lost the primaries in favor of Alumblyonnertona Sanchez.	Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
Wal-Mart was the top 100 who had supplied his company, they will need in the future to the radio frequency in the possibility of the presence of cargo warehouses identity systems across the supply chain and so before January 25, 2005.	The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
Harvey was taken to St. Luke&#39;s Hospital reserves to do X-ray of his neck, which was a negative outcome.	He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
He Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, for &quot;&quot; sincere regret and remorse &quot;&quot; for his crimes.	During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
Women who are subject to such abortions can not be prosecuted under the bill.	The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
The First Energy Corporation should say that a renovation of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, this is what the judge sentenced by US Judge Edmund Sarjus on Thursday.	U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
Visit explorer site has more than 65 million times by Internet users, to the day of Sunday, September 21.	Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
Democrats dominated the General Assembly, while Republicans took control of the Senate.	There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
Albuquerque mayor Martin Chavez, chairman, said that investigators felt satisfaction that despite the arrests have &quot;at least one of the fires have been extinguished.&quot;	Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
Nick Pollard, head of Sky News channel: &quot;&quot; This is a shocking blow for James&#39;s family.	Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
Hoarznnigerbad one session he said: &quot;I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and to make sure we are getting more money Federalism&quot;	"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
The last glimpse of the best labor markets are a little bit than economists had expected, despite the problems in the labor market.	The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
It is tossed concrete barriers (between lanes) here and there, such as feathers. &quot;	"They were tossed around like feathers," Gordon said.
Shant Joan Mallard accused, aged 27 years on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.	Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
Barrett said: &quot;Information technology is the only means through which the emerging economy will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India.	"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete," Barrett said.
Linesmen Alosbakan Linda Sundersoheme Phipps and Bobby Mclamb admitted both charges Federalism including extortion.	Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
Vivendi shares rose 0.3 percent to 15.62 Aorova Paris at 0841 GMT.	Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
The company has publicly stated that Linux is one of the biggest competitive threats.	Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
He also said too pat: that Antonio Monteiro de Castro, Latin America and the Caribbean director, will become chief operating officer at the date of January 1, 2004.	Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
The report added that &quot;&quot; spin, &quot;&quot; public relations manipulative, &quot;&quot; is not the solution, &quot;&quot; But this is not to avoid to enter into polemics.	"Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said.
The recent shooting incident linked with the wave of noise was on November 11 at Hamilton Elementary School in Obetz, which lies about two miles from the highway.	Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Central bank left interest rates policy of the Council for the time being, according to many expectations, but surprised the market by announcing that the overall risk tended toward weakness.	On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
The Tsairalnzam than $ 1.1 million to $ 22.4 million, depending on configuration	The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
&quot;I caught the problem when he rushed for at least four journalists from North Korea of ​​Taegu Center for Media, to face dozens of activists to protest against human rights violations in North Korea.	Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
Dsta conducted surgery for cancer in 2001, during which the eradication entirety.	Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
Jacobs said in the statement that, &quot;The MediaMax fully implement as advertised for companies that have been purchased.	According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
While told Itar-Tass news agency that four of his bodyguards were among those killed in the blast.	Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
Media Oriented WGT634U Super Wireless, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, Sttofferboql than $ 200, according to Ntagar rates.	The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
The Commission estimated the loss of California the amount of $ 937 million, the company tax shelters in 2001.	The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
But other sources close to the auction said that Vivendi has kept the door open to more offers and hopes to see offers providers interested in individual assets as a team.	But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two. 
Support as a free software upgrade that will be called WebVPN and that existing customers who have support contracts.	The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004. 
Officials did not say whether the US troops crossed into Syrian territory, and were marred by uncertainty about how the involvement of the Syrian border guards.	U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved. 
Sein has introduced Ferry company serviced the site explorer in September 15.	The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on. 
She said that lessons still being held in prison, and is now in the isolation room.	Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison. 
The first workers in the field of health care in the country died of SARS, a Filipino Canadian, who was hit by the disease in North York General Hospital, the second location in terms of the spread of the disease.	Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak. 
Their leader was handed over, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, the same in the month of June. Where his deputy was killed in an exchange of fire lately with Saudi forces.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently. 
After the opening statement Freitas, for the King County Supreme Court Judge Charles Martel holding the trial until after the Thanksgiving holiday.	King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday. 
The newspaper noted that Google is Mstmra capitalism prominent institutions including: Kleiner Perkins Caufield, Byers and Sequoia Capital.	Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital. 
The first of July is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong&#39;s return to Chinese rule.	The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997. 
Palm Inc. Wednesday announced plans for Handsebreng a company that made its way through Jeff Hawkins, considered by many the father of Palm.	Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins. 
Sentenced on Friday, the accused using a fake bomb to grab a Cuban airliner landed in Key West in April, was sentenced to 20-year-old man	A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April. 
I do not want to be a shepherd to them, because they are not of our proposal, but I would not be negative about it.	"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way," he said. 
Government parked peace talks with the MILF recently on the shelf, which mediated Malaysia, after a series of attacks, including three bombings in Mindanao.	The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF. 
The company achieved during the period of the last year&#39;s profit of $ 54.3 million, or 22 cents per share.	That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share. 
Both Massachusetts Ootrtaun communities, Sagos and joined Framingham to Boston on Monday.	Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday. 
It was followed to Atlanta, where he was arrested on Tuesday evening.	He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off. 
Israeli soldiers toppled mobile homes and empty water tanks in 10 small outposts in the West Bank last night, as part of a peace plan in the Middle East and the United States supports.	Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan. 
Union has not yet announced any series will be targeted.	The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted. 
&quot;Takassoa all of them,&quot; This is what Howard Dafedotz say, President Dafedotzucrkah Company, a national consulting firm based in New York City fragmented.	Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York. 
Products include the updated Pro gate, the channel gate, the gate anywhere, and the gate of the application service.	The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro. 
On the other hand, Dixon was in a class field in the global race Pix Beck Square.	Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway. 
Said Jim Williams, project director visit the United States: that by mid-November, will be fingerprinted and Souralaadid of passengers arriving in Atlanta	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta. 
Turkish authorities said that all the suicide bombers were Turks.	Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish. 
Than-expected operating profit for operations in April in the range of 60 to 80 cents per share.	Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter. 
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to press for more legal rights, including gay marriage.	Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages. 
Before Sunday night, the fires caused by the blackest 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles away.	Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night. 
Egypt, Israel, and Australia are the others have the same situation.	Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status. 
The results appear in the Journal of the American Medical Association published on Wednesday (news sites).	The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association. 
In addition, the cradle of the h2210 has a place for charging a second battery.	The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery. 
The military said that US forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six insurgents and arrested 21 others.	U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours. 
One of the 14 Kurdish pointed to the word &quot;refugee&quot; in English / Turkish dictionary.	One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee". 
Mr. Howard said, &quot;that the close cooperation between law enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing battle against terrorism.&quot;	Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said. 
The meeting took place a day after the allocation of the Pentagon&#39;s first officer time, Dlajr, not to address the scandal	The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal. 
Group says that in 2006 the market will rebound by 29.6 percent, to realize the amount of $ 21.3 billion in sales.	In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion. 
Captain Robert Ramsey said of the first US Armored Division: the truck that exploded outside the building at about 11:00, and that one of the outer walls of the compound had collapsed.	Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am. 
They came despite what it calls B.o &quot;difficult quarter&quot;, which said that it includes an unofficial strike at Heathrow Airport.	BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult. 
In this northern autumn trainers from the United States will work with soldiers from four countries of North Africa, to patrol and gather intelligence.	Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions. 
He threw the Bush administration blamed supporters of Saddam Hussein and foreign Islamic militants, who have entered Iraq to fight US forces, in a wave of bombings and insurgent attacks.	The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops. 
Later found that he had broken right thigh bone in the right wrist and the elbow.	Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures. 
The author is one of the many defense experts, who are expected to testify.	Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense. 
Dr. Patrick Barox head of the emergency room doctors&#39; association, said: &quot;The numbers have become catastrophic.&quot;	This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors. 
&quot;Whatever has happened to you through the punishment, he is certainly more than enough,&quot; he said Kovillo, aged 49 years old, who ran his family and his friends and his supporters half of the courtroom.	"What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough," Covello said. 
Mother also claimed in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.	The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation. 
, The priest himself Peter Karanja Chairman of the Board of the Cathedral of All Saints, said in Nairobi that the Episcopal Church distance itself from the Anglican Communion &#39;	In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion. 
Yes, today&#39;s flash memory, which are purchased from AMD and Fujitsu will be described Besbaenchen.	Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu. 
Two of the largest automakers in the world, said that US sales fell more than expected last month, as sales have caused a wave of late summer violent reactions on the one hand the industry more than expected.	Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash. 
Tropical storm developed rapidly in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday, where he was expected to strike in a place as along the coasts of Texas and Louisiana on Monday night.	A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night. 
Pressure may rise well on Thursday, with local coverage for the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.	The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult. 
Pataki praised Abraham&#39;s decision, said chairman Richard Kessel Leba: cable must remain in operation permanently.	LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit. 
Part of the agreement was the implementation of the Health Council, which would control spending on health care and progress in health system reform.	A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care. 
Dane came to the University of California at San Diego in 1991 after 22 years of work a physicist at Bell Labs AT &amp; T.	Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials. 
British Airways shares fell 1.5 percent, or 168 pence, at 14:20 GMT, less than 164 pence, a little stronger in the London public market.	Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market. 
It will include a number of counties with low population italics orange red, pussy and Almadison.	Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline. 
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift the ban and that a 10-year, in the field of research and development of nuclear weapons, the low-yielding.	Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons. 
Meningitis is an inflammation of the spinal cord and the tissues surrounding the brain fluid.	Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain. 
Both companies made, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which is usually sufficient to meet demand in the United States.	Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported. 
Mayor Goot said. Parker on Thursday evening that the three workers were two men and a woman, where Kanwadakhl the building when the first explosion occurred.	The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said. 
Council official, based in London, said Ali Safavi, told Reuters: &quot;We condemn this attack, which is illegal in our opinion, can not be politically nor morally justified.&quot;	"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable," London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone. 
Investigators discovered the existence of a fragment 4 inches in length, and it was inside the bone under the concrete slab on Thursday, but it turned out to be animal bones.	Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal. 
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was not hurt.	The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt. 
About 95 million Americans - half -asttmron households in mutual funds.	About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds. 
Halabi denied military lawyer in the Air Force, Maj. James Key, charges that can carry the death penalty.	The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press. 
Schwartz, who was accused in February, said that New Hampshire was the wrong place for the accused.	Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him. 
Scull said a letter to the court: &quot;tore my family apart.	In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family. 
Gayer said the city received since early May 1400 report on dead crows blue.	Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said. 
But Forest, Freedom Organisation for the right to the enjoyment of tobacco smoking, she said: &#39;&#39; they mentioned the word ban, because everyone knows what happened there.	Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'". 
House of Representatives passed in the last two sessions of legitimacy for a prescription, but the Senate did not succeed in approval.	The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not. 
Once converted, eBay Star total of nearly 2.95 million shares of company common Shanghai Cooperation Organization, or 17.5 percent of the company&#39;s outstanding shares of the company will own.	The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares. 
He has been urging the elderly, and those with weakened immune systems are also to protect against mosquito bites.	But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal. 
Winston-Salem, North Carolina, located company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.	Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282. 
Thomas was removed, said Ms. Lafferty&#39;s lawyer, told the Kentucky: &quot;My understanding of this is that there are less than successful operations gratification with freezing ratio.	"My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen," Ezzell said. 
It asked the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) of the Congress today, additional powers to combat Internet spam and junk, which now reaches more than half of all e-mail accounts.	The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic. 
The last time the survey, in 1995, it was those numbers that match.	In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal. 
The grand jury federal body on Tuesday to indict them, and no document seal until yesterday to allow the authorities to carry out arrests.	Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states. 
People who opposed these actions in all parts are now trying to find new reasons to say that this was not the right thing to do. &quot;	"What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do." 
Klarmen was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, a summer resort only the eastern sector of the city of New York.	Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York. 
Metropolitan police he thought he hit a dog or a cat or that someone threw a rock at his car, he said.	Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat. 
The report also claims that there will be a height of up to 9.3 million visitors to the hot spots this year, up a slim again by 2.5 million in 2002.	There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said. 
Richard Miller stayed in the hospital after undergoing a liver transplant, while his wife recovered.	Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized. 
It could not be immediately representatives successive access to comment on the declaration of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.	A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon. 
The proportion of the population of employers from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent in the past year have decreased.	The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000. 
Supreme court ruled that the Tablets stormed the constitutional separation of church and state.	The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion. 
Families are stuck in their cars remained on the highway, used mobile phones to conduct their own homes calls.	Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency. 
In connection with the incident, I admit that I acted inappropriately. &quot;	"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately," he said. 
A promotional poster, the countdown began for its completion, reminds readers of identity for the next &quot;Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.&quot;	The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix." 
A spokesman said: &quot;Since the month of November, and we are collaborators fully with the police.	It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November. 
People who previously thought that their blood pressure is fine, in fact, may be on their way to high blood pressure, in the framework of the new guidelines of the United States, published on Wednesday.	People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday. 
He said a specialist yesterday &quot;still going to do more tests, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such cases to be positive	"But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," he said. 
Amazon agency also reported that the prosecutor&#39;s office in New York approved a civil fraud charges with identifying one of them.	Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers. 
They were over the weekend at Raffles Hospital, to work further evaluation.	They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital. 
Dow Jones industrial average has risen in accordance with the morning trading rose 40.12, or 0.5 percent, to reach 8,571.69, down 51 points, on Monday.	In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97. 
Franklin said the error in the forecast for an average of five days for the entire 259-mile is for the season.	"The average track error for the five-day (forecast) is 323 nautical miles. 
It doubled its rich media share, an increase of 3% in Q2 of 2002, to 6% in Q2 of 2003.	Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003. 
Burke said: It seems from the initial report we have, given the circumstances, that this decline is the planned landing. &quot;	Said Mr. Burke: "It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances." 
Elegant shares rose on the Nasdaq rose $ 4, or 17.2 Dolarvi percent, to $ 27.43 in morning trading on Thursday,	Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market. 
As stated in the law of the State 0.911 call is non-public information has not been announced.	By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island. 
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said on Tuesday that the overthrow of the remnants of Saddam Hussein&#39;s ousted regime, militants in Iraq, will take time.	Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq. 
Orange shares jumped E. Lee company up to 15 percent.	France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent. 
Bremer said that there is one initiative which is to launch a national program of $ 70 million in the next two weeks, to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details. 
Micron announced the first quarterly profit for three years.	Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer. 
Customers were having dinner and playing bingo when a bomb exploded in the Casa de Espana.	At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off. 
Authorities said on Wednesday that the search for three missing teenagers, revealed the two of them at least, between the bodies buried under the modern pouring cement in the basement of the house.	Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home. 
Saalaa was commander of Al-Qaeda in the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war to their home in Tampa, Florida.	As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States. 
It is being investigated with the beleaguered telecom equipment makers Lucent Technologies by two federal agencies for possible violations of the laws of the United States and private bribery, in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia. 
SCO says that cooperation will not be announced pricing terms for a license only after weeks.	Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said. 
The Nasdaq composite index rose 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to reach 1,520.15.	The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday. 
Britain&#39;s Foreign Office said on Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased with the release of the men.	The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release. 
Wal-Mart estimates that more than 100 million Americans to visit the stores every week.	Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores. 
Sources in the racing industry&#39;s daily bulletin that Fontana&#39;ll get a second NASCAR race in the May Day holiday, starting from next season.	Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season. 
Mr. Prodi said: &quot;Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand the strengths and weaknesses we have.	"Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world. 
Kerry said, &quot;I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him.&quot;	"I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War," she said. 
Blovski said that the Commission did not investigate because the limitations of the system and a three-year has expired.	The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said. 
He blamed the Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation in an attempt to undermine copyright and American patent law.	In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws. 
Koriksa shares gained 71 cents, or 10% to $ 7.91 in Nasdaq trading.	In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94. 
Then called the police bomb squad, but Aljhazanfjr, killing Wells, before the arrival of bomb disposal technicians.	While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells. 
Spokesmen for the FBI and the CIA, and Canada&#39;s spy agency and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police to comment on Shukrijumah stay in Canada.	The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report. 
Steven N. member of the Board of Inquiry, said: This has been a persistent problem has not been solved. &quot;	"This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically," said board member Steven Wallace. 
Dow Jones industrial average finished .DJI, up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, to reach the level of 8,588.36 - its highest level since January 17.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588. 
She said that Americans do not abandon their position, we have to see this failed adventure until the end.	She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through." 
During the 12 months, there was still a difference in the job, although it was not noticeable.	At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant. 
He said that there is no doubt about the chemical program, the biological program, but in fact the nuclear program, and all that has been documented by the United Nations. &quot;	He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme. 
Gabriela of Samos said of Lula: &quot;It seems like all the issues that we support, and terrifying wants.&quot;	"It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation. 
Most likely it will be sent within two weeks of peace rules in Brickens.	Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17. 
City worsening pollution, and ozone in particular, is the most stringent in the country trees, this is what ecologist Jillian Gregg from Cornell University say.	"I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees," U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said. 
Ridge said any real explosives or harmful devices will not be used in this process.	Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used. 
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year, he began to read the book of the Gospel day, after he was expelled from the University of New Lobos Almxhexh because of temper tantrums.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002. 
Amid warm applause, he said: This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.	"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here." 
Mahendarata told Reuters: Albshirhar that he was tried by opinion and not based on the facts.	Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added. 
Decline in the S &amp; P 500, a $ 4.77, or 0.5 percent, reaching the level of 929.62.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934. 
Marching in the May 1 through a narrow and winding valley, down the slope 60 feet, and walked about six miles down the valley.	He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah. 
Amnesty International said I collected over the past 20 years, information about the 17,000 disappeared in Iraq, but the actual figure may be much higher.	Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq. 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average index shed 0.7 percent to 9,547.43, while the Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index weakened by 0.8 per cent to 1,025.79.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568. 
He may face the death penalty if convicted on charges of spying.	The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty. 
I asked for an exemption from the Cabinet meeting last week to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.	She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda. 
The Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement: &quot;We hope that all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue.&quot;	China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue." 
In a mixture of ancient pagan and Christian rituals of modern, established residents of the village in a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe they kept them poor.	In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal. 
The average Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent to 9,196.55.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47. 
Usually Alosoraly monkeys only in Central and West Africa.	Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin. 
Chancellor Robert Bennett Council on Tuesday declined to comment on matters pertaining to personnel.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters. 
Court held in that case that the city of Cincinnati violated the First Amendment to the Constitution, only the prohibition of propaganda pamphlets that follow the interests of aesthetics.	In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets. 
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will conclude in the month of November with &quot;The Matrix Revolutions.&quot;	"Reloaded" is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November. 
In addition, the Justice Ministry said that the FBI conducted a &#39;&#39; less than 10 &#39;&#39; investigations involving visits to mosques.	In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said. 
This week coincides with the starting JavaOne Developers Conference in San Francisco.	The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco. 
A royal decree based on his experience with Diana, Princess of Wales, and letters allegedly to and from it.	The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales. 
The army said the raid, which came a few days after a sniper and killed by Israeli forces of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leader of the Hamas movement in the city after targeted activists from Hamas.	The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron. 
The company said it has dismissed a former president Mickey Robinson, for some reason, when he left in September.	Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month. 
SARS virus claimed the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.	The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses. 
The company said on Monday that the new music service over the Internet, Apple Computer, has sold more than 1 million songs in the first week of the sales process.	Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago. 
He was arrested twice before to infringe upon the property of others, and to prevent from going to his mother and his two children in his house in the compound.	He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex. 
The fund sectors are used as a weapon to September 2001 before 11, where the ban was carried by the kidnappers since then based on the items.	Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. 
He accused both Mr Klarman Hlsnrat and three counts of securities fraud.	Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud. 
Portuguese meteorological authority said that the cause of the heat wave in Europe is a mass of hot and dry air moving from the south-east.	The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service. 
Announced at a press conference yesterday that the money spent by taxpayers to create galleries terrorist bet, are wasteful of funds as they are disgusting	"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon. 
Police believe that Wilson opened fire on Reynolds, then her mother once in the head, before he went on a deadly gun itself.	Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself. 
Murphy announced July 22 that he would appeal his case directly to the Supreme Court of the United States.	Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court. 
Monkeys can be pursued provided by watching a schematic representation of the arm and moves on a video screen.	The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen. 
This led to a confrontation with the police for 47 hours, the inconvenience of thousands of passengers, as traffic fell in the center of Washington and northern Virginia.	His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia. 
S &amp; P 500 rose by 6.48, or 0.7 percent, to reach 990.51.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51. 
It is expected to attend and agriculture ministers from more than a hundred mandate of the Ministerial Conference and a three-day, and an exhibition of agricultural science and technology, under the auspices of the US Department of Agriculture.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday. 
According to security sources, put John Stevens, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police in London, his forces on high alert in the wake of last week&#39;s warning.	The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week. 
Create interests fortified themselves for control of the network bottleneck points, and they are pressing the FCC to help and support.	It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them." 
Complicating the situation is the presence of hardened liberals in battle, who are fighting on both sides.	Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides. 
Audubon Society will host again this year gala birthday Taioralsnoa.	It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season. 
Southwest Organization said that the passing traffic rose to 4.6 percent in the first quarter, and ended the quarter with $ 2.2 billion in cash.	Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent. 
Doctors speculated that estrogen in the body itself protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow. 
They also found as well as shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.	Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss. 
Executives at Cisco said it was Chjighm Dolarcciolh of $ 1.3 billion in cash from net income, but they are hoping to rebound.	Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound. 
In a statement via e-mail to the News Sentinel Nnoxevel, Schumacher said: &#39;&#39; I do not give any consideration to resign.	I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement. 
Brother Bolgerho now on &#39;&#39;10 wanted&#39; &#39;list of the Agency, to its connection with 21 murders.	Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list. 
But church members and observers say they expect to be Alaqrara_kalaa of many Episcopal.	But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality. 
Joneson said the injured passengers at John Peter Smith Hospital, died later on Friday morning.	The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said. 
Physicians plans to deliver two weeks ahead of schedule, in November 14 Ooukraba him.	A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early. 
Antchersubing .v Alkmpiotralmtminin when users open an attachment in e-mail messages, which contain such familiar titles such as &quot;Thank you!&quot;, Reply &quot;details or&quot; Response: that movie. &quot;	The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details". 
Nasdaq Composite Index rose to technology shares index laced technology rose 17.26 points or 1.06 percent to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73. 
The founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, (NEC), Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.	CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba. 
Says David Rubik, Mdermkhatr communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis: Is it present in the food supply?	"It's not zero," said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis. 
During the match stark in 1999, Caroline John said they were still asleep with Bergen.	She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin. 
On the other hand, if this will help more on Azaarbrah Steve, we welcome it.	If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it." 
The Supreme Court refused in Florida twice to consider the case.	On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube. 
Fletcher said he expects to get the support of lawmakers from farm states, including Alkterfi Committee.	He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states. 
Squyres is the principal investigator for the campaign Athens - a group of science seized by all surfed tools.	Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments. 
There are four versions of Andosalmstahedvh operating systems are: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows 2003 Service.	The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003. 
It was fined seven students between the ages of 20-21 years by the police, to drink alcohol outside the rooms belonging to the campus hotel in the early hours of Saturday with two young women,, aged between 16 and 18 years.	Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years. 
Shares of the two McDonald&#39;s and Wendy&#39;s International Tribunals continued on Monday modest race in New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade. 
Such a move would put the issue before the United Nations Security Council.	The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council. 
He plans to stay throughout the day until the peak of the river, which was expected to be reached in time Mtokhrmen last night.	He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding. 
According to his Web site: The summer camp to receive religious retreats for children and other events year-round.	The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site. 
Jamestar Mahrzh shares rose 2.6 per cent, adding 14 cents to 5.49 Dolarand closure.	Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq. 
Tito Barbana, the regional minister for agriculture, said in Tuscany, Italy: The European Union basically does not exist. &quot;	Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento. 
Joint ventures with Intel Corporation for the manufacture of chips, including Sony Corp. and Microsoft, and Hewlett-Packard, IBM, and Nokia Corporation Jatoia.	Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others. 
The army said it had killed 12 rebels so far arrested nine during the campaign, and the loss of six soldiers were wounded.	The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded. 
Kruger Inc., which owns both of the two Albertsons and Ralph, held jointly deal with Safeway Inc., and worked to secure their union workers the next day.	In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning. 
According to the Census Bureau, the population of Spanish origin rose by 9.8 percent for the population census for the month of April 2000.	The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s. 
Stock soared from US $ 50.90, to 54.50 Dolarvi today&#39;s pre-conquest, and that at the close on Wednesday.	Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close. 
Rebuked the Senate is absurdly saying: &quot;exemption from the tax plan is inconsequential something ..&quot;	We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan. 
Harry Potter&#39;s latest wizard trick?	تبحث عن أحدث سلسلة لهاري بوترلتشتريها ؟
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the few companies that still manufactures the flu vaccine.	Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it. 
The Dow Jones industrial average &lt;.DJI&gt; fell by 58.69 points or 0.64 percent to 9,137.86.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday. 
Thomas said, &quot;The way we played in the first two games were a little bit embarrassing.&quot;	"We're in the Stanley Cup finals, and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games. 
Fines are part of Republican efforts failed to force or lure Democrats to return.	Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return. 
A_i_arjdid device - called the Canary name for &#39;&#39; cytometry analysis and notifications, against the risk and reward &#39;&#39; - snatch this natural process, causing two important changes.	The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields. 
He said his lawyer, Pamela Mackey, Brent is expected to be completely exonerated.	"Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated," Mackey said in a statement. 
I&#39;ve had better progress since October 1, when the index rose by 22.25.	Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25. 
Mr. Mask said it is possible that Mr. Cullen is taken from Somerset County Jail before Thursday and transferred to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital psychiatric care outside of Trenton.	Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton. 
Scientists believe that Stardust confine inside thousands of dust particles.	Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2. 
Breaking the sound barrier after nine seconds, and continued strong rise subsidies.	Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said. 
The report prepared by the Independent Committee of Experts, aims to dispel any doubt about how to handle the Hong Kong Government with the SARS syndrome.	A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released. 
Estimated weight of the plane about 100 pounds at a maximum weight at takeoff.	US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight. 
Michael Bloomberg, mayor of New York City: &quot;I will try to walk with a number of different groups.	"I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups," Bloomberg said. 
It seems that the attack was similar to other attacks that were organized near the foreign residential compounds in Riyadh on May 12.	The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida. 
Explicit scripts ESRX.o own shares fell 3.6 percent, to close at $ 66.89 on the Nasdaq.	Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade. 
Decline in basic wholesale prices in April, reflecting a drop Osaarcell of cars and trucks, clothing boys and men, cigarettes	That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes. 
Winner said that the two staff aides &quot;very sorry what happened at all,&quot; where the security personnel to perform &quot;good and within standards.&quot;	The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said. 
We have put a lot of effort and energy to improving the patching process we have, and maybe later we must, but now we only win the imaginary speed.	"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have. 
Looking international rescue workers among the rubble for survivors in the city of Bam, located on the road to Ahariralkadimh in Iran, which was destroyed by the powerful earthquake in which more than 20,000 people have been killed	International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday. 
Griffith, a native of pure mountain air, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.	Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo. 
He also said that the academy will get on its own rules of procedure in the next week, detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.	The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said. 
President said that the boy had also sprayed the room full of Palmthbtat of fire extinguishers, which made visibility difficult.	The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said. 
According to a report that the Conference Board&#39;s US consumer confidence index fell from 83.6 in May to 83.5 in June.	The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said. 
One of the politicians said: &quot;I&#39;ve noticed a change in the public mood in regards to their own priorities.&quot;	"I notice a mood change in their priorities," said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer. 
&quot;While (H RTL) should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic illness.&quot;	"The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease," Manson said. 
Heather, 35, who lost her leg in a traffic accident, it is possible that the installation of steel plates in her hip, which would lead to the impossibility of natural birth process.	Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult. 
Has confiscated all of the meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts a year ago, in Agro Cold Store in Chicago warehouse.	The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago. 
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican candidates for the office of Governor-General in Haley Barbour, acknowledged that the crowd ecstatic.	Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy. 
Nurse who worked at the age of 51 years at the General Hospital, North York, the latest outbreak of the disease center.	Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak. 
Roche has also allowed five runs or more beat out at the beginning of each of the last three rounds	Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts. 
Mr. Turner about about 10 million shares to a charitable fund before it is sold.	The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL. 
He also recruited other people to participate in this project, and so by persuading them to receive goods obtained by fraud, and was dedicated to him.	He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered. 
According to Gartner&#39;s report that the equipment deliveries to the company (Global W. the ER any) made $ 19.5 million last year, an increase of 120 percent from the year 2001, at 8.9 million units.	Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001. 
Police on Saturday launched an international hunt for chiffon Pennington, having fled with Toby, aged 31 years.	Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker. 
A team in the New York Mets Outfielder choosing to Asting Madig of Akwod Ranch High School in Florida.	The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick. 
Now, with the last three shuttles belonging to the Agency, and collected after the Columbia disaster, this can be a wait for a longer period.	With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer. 
Bremer, 61, worked as an assistant for once, to former ministers of state such as William Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador at a high level to combat terrorism from 1986 to 1989.	Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger. 
Roy Moore, Chief Justice of the detainee in the Alabama Supreme Court, such as on Wednesday, as a defendant, in the same court, which was recently headed by Hall, but he has no regrets.	Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary. 
Agafzmtost Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) the amount of 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to reach 8,765.38, its highest level since mid-Chehrkanon second.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699. 
Bryant was charged in an arrest warrant, on June 30, assaulting a woman in a hotel.	According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30. 
It is not recognized Bsanator Florida, Bob Graham, according to 61 percent of those surveyed.	Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent. 
S &amp; P 500 rose broader, increased by 3.47 points or 0.36 percent to 977.59.	The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645. 
The result was that 24 players broke the record in the first round.	Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history. 
According to a spokeswoman for Oracle: Not put those talks as of Tuesday night	Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman. 
Lawyers and others who say they are familiar with the federal investigation: keep the focus on Campbell, although the public prosecutor refused to discuss the investigation.	While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell. 
Rallied friends Robert De Niro yesterday around him, after he was diagnosed as suffering from prostate cancer.	Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today. 
Ooagaftzl Celta both Albertsons and Ralph Krueger their workers, a response to that.	Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity. 
Taiwan tried for seven years to get the position of an observer of the United Nations, the World Health Organization, but the rejection again at its annual conference in Geneva on the date of March 19.	It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva. 
Nasdaq index fell Kombozat shares bottled Technology&gt; Technology&gt; shares by 37.78 points or 1.94 percent to reach 1,912.36.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday. 
Organized shares closed on the proportion of US $ 10.93, down 28 cents, in trading Monday on the Nasdaq.	IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange. 
The Ministry of Health said on Friday that a man from Washington County, could be the first human case in the country for the West Nile virus.	The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8. 
Christine Iwan, CEO of the National Center for Breast Cancer said it was too early to estimate the risk to women size.	National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic. 
Both resigned Berndsal and CFO von Clark on June 9.	The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned. 
National Party says that there will be no privatization of premiums on health care.	The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums. 
But (c. C) was careful to make it clear that &quot;there is not anything definite yet about the results of the discussion.&quot;	"However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment." 
Dow Jones industrial average record .DJI, 58.69 points, when you go out, or 0.64 percent to 9,137.86.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier. 
Voice 425 Edomn the House of Representatives on two to cancel the bill, the first of 13 items, and that the conference should passes each year to fund the federal government.	The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government. 
Knight has agreed to a $ 2,380,000 contract for two years, which included a signing bonus worth $ 300,000.	ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus. 
Usually the operation is performed in the second trimester or third	The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy. 
New companies will begin trading on the NASDAQ today under the stock indices codes (or my LM) and (CBS RCG).	Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC. 
Preparing both children, adults, vendors libraries and postal workers for &quot;Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.&quot;	The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix." 
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the ad hoc to test the water grant funds are located in Yorktown, King George&#39;s County and the shores of Norfolk and Virginia.	The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach. 
Halliburton shares fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $ 21.59 in New York Stock Exchange yesterday.	Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade. 
He said that the attackers left leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working, as American forces leave Iraq demanding.	He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel. 
With diplomacy heats up in the ongoing 10-month nuclear crisis around, it is decided that the Chinese Foreign Minister, Li Zhaoxing, visited South Korea from 13 to August 15.	With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13. 
Won peace rules on genocide ridiculous in the Louisiana Derby.	But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away. 
Bond Bulls hoping the Fed should be aware that in Almkhatrtkmen economic weakness.	The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness. 
Gov. James Mkjrivi said: &quot;There is a real possibility of the collapse of the secondary.&quot;	The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said. 
Within 97 percent of the vote, 68 percent of voters voted &quot;no&quot; to the tax, in the middle of the night Wednesday.	With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax. 
Government astronauts - did not specify a term taken from the &#39;&#39; Taakoonj &#39;&#39; Chinese word for space back - and means that will travel on a mission again.	The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space. 
It is expected to be the day the nomination and election Graham for a second term of one year, and will lead the presidential speech.	Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term. 
The statement continued, &quot;that these changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages.&quot;	Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice. 
Dr. Jim Young, Ontario&#39;s Commissioner of Public Safety, said: &quot;It is clear that people are uncomfortable with.&quot;	"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety. 
Others were given copies of &quot;Dr. Atkins New Diet Revolution in&quot; and told them that Itbaoha.	The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters. 
Admitted Ascal guilty to securities fraud, and will be tried next week.	Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10. 
Barbana said that the Union had reached a compromise solution with the United States, but wants a system to describe such foods, something fought factory here for him.	Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted. 
The fire then spread to many of the surrounding buildings, and property destroyed.	The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters. 
Private lawyer rappers, Marc Gann, is no longer a second to make calls for comment.	The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment. 
It has allowed him wildly in seven innings, where he scored six of them.	Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks. 
Still, he said: &quot;I am absolutely confident that we are coming to the draft law.&quot;	"I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill," Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday. 
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopal conservatives, it will ask permission Ba starch separate group	The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions. 
Boeing said it expected to be signed during the next few weeks on a final agreement.	The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said. 
The stock closed at EDS company on Thursday to $ 18.51, Bmaxb rate of 6 cents.	Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Federal centers recorded for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), at the national level, the 4156 case of West Nile, including 284 deaths.	There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide. 
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the public libraries in the country to provide computers with filters to combat pornographic programs.	The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship. 
Weakness lies in the way by the VBA program, so access to the documents that have been passed to it when a document is opened by the host application properties.	The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened. 
Among the 24 million phone call for a vote, 50.28 percent were for Stoddard, where he developed his 130,000 votes ahead in the state of Aiken.	Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken. 
What consumers are still hoping to get a guarantee from before Ediralkeppl card in order to integrate them in the group.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service. 
However, we have decided to choose the European Union as the best solution to drive at all because of the great efforts made with regard to prices.	However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution." 
Food and Drug Administration rejected the application of the company (ImClone) for the year 2001 for the sale of the drug Arpetcs, noting that the search is not in conformity with the specifications.	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted. 
Vaszewriv Dodgers sixth match in a row, the longest series win since 2001, where the team overcame Colorado, 3-2, on Wednesday, before a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium. 
He said authorities in those countries they had conducted her research erosion now in all of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan. 
He claimed an article in the Washington Post on Thursday that it is likely to have been cut by 50 basis points from the US Federal Reserve, unlike Msarmgelh Wall Street.	On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely. 
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligament, face several charges.	Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee. 
Lay protested that the delivery of the documents would be a violation of the rights of his fifth amendment against self-incrimination.	Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. 
Stryi Horne said it was the first time in the history of Texas, that the Comptroller incredible Appropriations Act.	In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget. 
If we exclude fees and analysts, on average, expect a loss of 11 cents per share.	Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations. 
Security experts from a wide spread of mass-mailing worm for online warned, which is sometimes like a letter from the founder of Microsoft.	A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday. 
Mr. Sahl said that the police identified the bodies of seven of the 14-cell, and you think they had carried out five attacks in almost simultaneously on Saturday.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night. 
Amgen shares rose 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $ 65.05 in the debate this afternoon on the Nasdaq.	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Only New Jersey now prohibits learners permits or intermediate licenses holders from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.	In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving. 
University of Michigan today released a new admission policy, after the Supreme Court of the United States in June rejected the method previously approved for the university.	The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June. 
Audio broadcast last week by the Arab television network Al-Jazeera tape appears to be an attempt to incite attacks.	An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war. 
Former chief financial officer, acknowledged the company&#39;s President Franklin Berjonesa pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge and one on June 5, where he agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation. 
The company did not give any details concerning the replacement and repair costs.	But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars. 
Dean told reporters traveling aboard his city -10 &quot;Sleepless Summer&quot; it is campaigning in Texas challenge.	Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York. 
She said: &quot;I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much will I lose my job.&quot;	Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job." 
Dollar against the euro fell below $ 1.1624 after it was Dulariom 1.1486 Friday, and traded at $ 1.1594 at 10:15 am in London.	The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday. 
The US decision triggered angry reactions from the European Commission, which described the move as &quot;unjustified from a legal point of view, no basis in economic and politically beneficial terms.&quot;	The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful." 
The public prosecutor of the United States have arrested more than 130 people and seized more than $ 17 million in the ongoing fraud and corruption on the Internet campaign.	More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies. 
Ms. Krebs Brook departed last Friday, two days after the submission of the management plan for the distribution of medical marijuana on doctors&#39; offices yet.	The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices. 
Morngthaw said: During 2001 and 2002, total remittances amounted to only four out of 40 accounts account for Beacon Hill more than $ 3.2 billion	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said. 
The last year, an unsuccessful attempt to win the Democratic nomination for governor.	He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez. 
The largest distributor in the country, the largest 100 suppliers company has, starting in the use of electronic cards on all goods stores starting from January 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005. 
He was taken to the hospital reserves to conduct X-ray on his neck.	Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative. 
Morales expressed during the meeting for &quot;regret for pure and remorse&quot; for his actions.	Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes. 
The law states that women are subject to such abortions can not be prosecuted.	A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill. 
The judge ruled the United States Judge Edmund Sarjus, the company based in Akron, must specify that changes in one of its plants would increase pollution emissions in general.	FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday. 
Galvin said: explorer visited site 65 million times since its introduction.	Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users. 
There are 103 Democrat and 47 Republicans in the Council.	Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate. 
Chavez said investigators feel comforted that they had achieved &quot;at least control of one of the fires solution in this regard.	Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved." 
Pollard said: &quot;This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James&#39;s family.	Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family. 
Schwarzenegger said after the meeting with Republicans in Congress: &quot;I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure we are getting more money Federalism for the state of California,&quot;	"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting. 
The last glimpse of the best labor markets are a little bit than anticipated by economists, who had predicted claims for reduction of not less than 410,000 last week.	Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting. 
Gordon said: They raised here and there like a feather. &quot;	"The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers." 
Complied with the court Shant Joan Mallard, aged 27, on Monday on charges of first degree murder.	Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence. 
Barrett said: &quot;Information technology is the only means through which the competition will be the emerging economy could&quot;,	"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete" with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said. 
Linda Saunders admitted in court that they Federalism guilty of six counts, including racketeering, money laundering and conspiracy.	Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion. 
Vivendi shares in Paris closed up 3.8 percent to a record 15.78 euros.	Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT. 
Microsoft said that Linux software that is distributed free, is one of the biggest threats to their sales.	The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats. 
Antonio Monteiro de Castro (58 years old), who is currently the director of the Latin American and Caribbean Group Operations, Chief Operating Officer, will become effective from the same date.	BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004. 
The statement said: &quot;manipulation and rotation in public relations and propaganda are not the answer.&quot;	The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate. 
Shooting has been linked Akhrma wave noise occurring in 11 Novmparvi Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the highway.	The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway. 
The central bank on Tuesday left interest rates unchanged, as expected, but also announced that the overall risk tended toward weakness, also warned of the risk of deflation.	The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness. 
The new system cost, depending on the configuration, between $ 1.1 million and $ 22 million	The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration. 
A fight broke out in North Korea outside the main Antrzalaalama, after he clashed four journalists from North Korea with a dozen activists from South Korea, to protest against human rights violations	Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North. 
Dsta battled kidney cancer for more than a year.	Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed. 
According to Peter Jacobs Foundation&#39;s age com, &quot;The MediaMax fully implement as advertised for companies that have been purchased.	"MediaMax performs EXACTLY as "advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement. 
It did not hurt Kdirov hurt, but I had four of his bodyguards were among the dead.	But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb. 
The company said that the router will be available in the first quarter of 2004, and will cost about $ 200.	Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200. 
The Commission estimated the loss of California an amount of 1.34 billion Dolar- more than any other state -To tax shelters in 2001.	The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001. 
Negotiators said on Friday they had made progress the last tour around the free trade negotiations between the United States and five countries of Central America this week in Haostun	Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
&quot;It&#39;s very difficult to do large common loans in Japan,&quot; says a bank employee	"It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
It settled the case on Monday, and were stationed Holgma donations in Illinois	The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
Usually meet management committee grain every Thursday in the Committee on Agriculture department - another goal for Wednesday&#39;s attack - to decide on the Naatj weekly export tender	Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
He said: &quot;I urge the Congress to dispel any difficulties and that the latter sends the bill to me as soon as possible to be able to legally signed.&quot;	He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
Begin said in his organization&#39;s lawyer, said that the legal services reform in Massachusetts has held an interview with the Asan Tuesday	Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the Military Academy at West Point	Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
CEO James Rohr said that the NBA CNN regrets the incident	"PNC regrets its involvement" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
I supported Mr. Swan Group of Democratic Governor Bill Carey discount in the 2002 elections.	CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
Then the two countries differed Algazetan and backed the rival factions.	They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
Health officials confirmed today n young northeast Kansas has its first case of the disease, monkeys and the first state west of the Mississippi River	State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
Meanwhile, the Direct Marketing Association said that its members do not connect more than 50 million numbers on the list	Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
Hollywood is preparing Alahalm celebrate Christmas the 100 legendary artist Bob Hope on Thursday to celebrate	Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
Navistar rose a penny to $ 41.64 in late afternoon in New York Stock Exchange after an earlier drop to $ 39.93	Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
Colin Powell, secretary of the United States said yesterday that relations with Iran will continue	Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
Reagan, a floating airport with a flight crew, which covers 4.5 acres, Huhtasa carrier aircraft Alnmetz built in the shipyard in Newport News	A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
Governor John Baldaci said after the referendum vote counted Tuesday: I&#39;m proud of the citizens of this state	Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Stout comes to race GE Capital, where he served as Director of Technology and Information Officer	Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
Only Intel Corp. had the lowest dividend	Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.	وذكر أن امرأة صنفت أنها في حال جيدة في حرم جامعة ميموريال هيلث بارك
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead	The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
Microsoft spokesman was not present immediately for comment	MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
A new study found that 32 out of the 16.608 post have been infected ovarian cancer in about five and a half years of follow-up, of whom 20 women are taking hormones	The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
Symptoms include stiff neck, fever, headache, sensitivity to light	They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
John has told a friend two days before his death: &quot;We have become like strangers.&quot;	"We've become like total strangers," Klein quotes him as saying.
Duffy began attending the University of North West, the god of the associations, in 1999, the structure that will become the minister	Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
Died representative figures Hume Cronin, 91, on Sunday at his home in Connecticut	Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
Best Minister, Skrimshaw, ten wanted all of them have had training on Monday morning	Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index gave broader prevalent highest index up to 11.91 points, a, 1.19 per cent, at 986.60	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
State radio said it was the last test before delivering the missile to the armed forces	"It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.
He said the sound, which occurred alluding history as mid-September &quot;would, withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow.&quot;	"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
Director of Government Canyon, Deirdre Hessler, said the state wants some time ago in this piece real estate, and she is eager to complete the deal	Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
It is expected that Johnnie Byrd, Vice Florida in the House of Representatives, &quot;Therese Bill&quot; offers during the Legislative Council session of one-day special session being held today in Tallahassee	According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
Volunteer and other companies to put alerts on electronic banners and paintings	Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
Says Archbishop Desmond Tutu, a Nobel Prize in South Africa did not understand all the fuss over the appointment of gay bishop, but urged the clergy to stay gay Azba	Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Weekend arrest of Russia&#39;s richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, CEO of Yukos oil major, on charges of fraud and tax evasion led to tension in the financial markets	Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
This increase in advance of an expected $ 22.5 1,000,005 cents per share	For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
Joint marketing agreement has been signed with Hewlett-Packard Company for four months	In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
To watch paid TV, on the introduction of consumer warranty offered cable service card for visitors to the device	Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
It appeared yesterday directly from sunrise launch the Concorde itself	On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million	A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
Hernandez raise a complaint and filed a lawsuit to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission	After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
The supermarket chain has been used reserve managers and workers to keep their shops open, often reduced hours	The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
The Commission will propose an alternative to the system of &quot;Robin Hood&quot; school finance	Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
It condemns other countries for US $ 80 billion at least (108.52 billion dollars)	Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
According to the law, they may pay by telephone marketers and those seeking to fine figures in the list of up to $ 11,000 for each violation	Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
The bomb exploded while waiting for the authorities and the arrival of bomb disposal experts	While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
He explained that he had found when he visited Alontatuniras to Weitz in 2001 while working as an assistant post-doctorate at the University of Bristol in England Research	He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
Aviation company located No. 11 globally, Air Canada under court protection from creditors since April 1	Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
The jackets that a reserve security officer was in active service, did not have an alternative Lottery Association in New Jersey	The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
Mark Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by spraying pepper spray Oliveira	The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
It pulled the bodies of many of the dead from under the train derailed in part abroad, where it was put next to bars awaiting identification	The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
Garner said that Mohamed al-Baghdadi, the mayor of Baghdad Mahmsen position self, has been released after being detained for 48 hours in late April	Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
Boyle said, &quot;the involvement of managers in the Enron fraud on a large scale and diffuse to manipulate the outcome of the company&#39;s profits.&quot;	"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud," prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
Jamerman said, &quot;If we set aside attorneys&#39; fees, we are dealing here with the glories of rights about who wins and who loses.&quot;	"It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses," said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
Estimated retail price for the 2003 short text messages with 10 statements to the client to access the machine to $ 1.219	Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
According to a study in 2001 about indigenous issued on Wednesday for the Bureau of Statistics Canada said that living standards are improving but still lags behind the Inuit and those who abandon their usual fill of poverty Services	Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
He has said &quot;perhaps indicating recent changes in the stock market and reduce unemployment to the demands of the more favorable economic times later	"The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead."
Shares closed Standrdz &amp; P index quarter at 120 points, won amends 14 per cent, which is the best performance in the broad market mark since 1998	While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
The discovery of the skeleton of the Vobarames, 250 miles west of Caracas, Venzoilla	Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
But ONA did not receive at any stage of intelligence information indicating that the Islamic group was planning to carry out in Bali	ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali. 
However, he denied the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, reports	Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
Chief Financial Officer Andy Bryant said that the visit was to have a greater impact than expected volume of officials	Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
American women will play carriers title in Philadelphia on September 25, and Echttman Group Competition in September 28	The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
Although unable to judge commutation to life imprisonment without the release of the captive, experts say that the governors of Virginia rarely take advantage of this opportunity	Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
Mr. McDonnell wants to prove whether the Italian business sector follows the private Bjerant Thornton audit procedures	Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
Speaking at Strong Memorial Hospital, he said that David was under evaluation in the emergency room on Tuesday night	A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
Ray Brent, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a dead body and theft	Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
After reservation microphone interruption for the second time, he asked him Pripino conclusion of his speech	After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
During the full year ended June 30, the proportion of lines with high-speed rose to 45%	For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
Ricky Clemons&#39; brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.	طردت ميسوري ريكي كليمونز من فريقها، منهية تاريخه المزعج فيه
US officials say that the lower the rotor wash from the generator before hovering helicopter has removed the flag from above the tower	US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
Meanwhile, the Direct Marketing Association said that its members must be non-contact, including nearly 51 million specific figure on the list	The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
It was reached the $ 85 million Treaty in September, after less than two months to take over as manager of Bishop Sean O&#39;Malley largest local bishopric to fourth	The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
US Congressman wrote police evacuated the building yesterday revealed the probe for the possibility of the existence of biological weapons in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm	The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
His spokesman, Jim Kennedy, as the former president gave more than 70 words in 2002 without compensation	The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
Futures fell for the index contributed to the S &amp; P 500 company worth 2.60 at 965.70 points, while Nasdaq futures fell 7.50 to 1,183.50 worth of points	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
General Dynamics has to sue when their own retirement benefits changed in 1997	The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
I saw a key player in the bribe former Treasurer Paul Sylvester scheme on Tuesday about the kickbacks and bribes traded Sylvester acts of state	A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
They said, &quot;The mission of CAPPS system was and will remain the aviation security&quot;	"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
Defense lawyer John Speranza The Houaphan, did not wake up that day intent on hurting any one	Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
Daschle wrote a Republican president, &quot;We believe that there is a need for an enhanced conflict divisive&quot;	"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.
The survey found that another 152,054 are from IP NTT / Verio, Inc. services and 129,378 InfoSpace	Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
It is scheduled to launch NASA&#39;s Space Telescope Facility with infrared Monday morning	The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
Mead illiterate Vaksinz company &quot;produced vaccines Mead illiterate&quot;, maker Vlomist, between 4,000,005 million doses this year	Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
Kaicn appeared Wednesday in federal court, but did not submit a petition	Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
In the latest re-rating in the CNN movement, it toppled Pitya Ryan network, General Manager of Programming United States	In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
Samudra is suspected in the universe, 32, a prominent figure in the Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist group affiliated with al-Qaeda, which is considered responsible for carrying out bombings	He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
Prime Albuquerque Fire brigade Robert Ortega said, &quot;We were seconds from happening.&quot;	About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
Almarlijnz said only: &quot;This issue has been resolved.&quot;	"The issue has been resolved," Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
China said on Monday that nine other people have died due to SARS that 160 others have been infected with the virus	China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
The President invited the medical journal in the United Kingdom to impose a complete ban on tobacco, angering smokers group	The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
Extra step that recorded Researchers at the University of California San Francisco is the latest effort in a decade-long injury mice infected with the virus	An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
He said that Alogdah and Drug Administration that she had hoped that the Congressman wrote, the courts provide an explanation of the situation and some financial assistance to consumers perhaps before the 2004 election	He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
Alenthdt on behalf of Ernst &amp; Young said that the company does not recognize any wrongdoing	Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
But police say he was not found on the truck driver and he is required to investigate	The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
Court heard that the witness guard positions Kosovo a 27-year-old are the payment was made to him by the News of the World	The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
Bush said, surrounded by Bmatarba Harlem: &quot;The versatility of the black musicians artistic movement of black Americans experience throughout our history.&quot;	"In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history," Bush said.
Their differences on energy, health care has become extremely sharp, making the other members to say that this is embarrassing for the party	The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
Geraldine said Andrew Reynolds&#39;s wife and a friend and Wilson&#39;s family, said Robinson had recently directed her daughter from the clinic to diseases Altvsah	Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
Then he stabbed two passers-by, which escapes from the Corniche Road next to the Mediterranean Sea	He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
Some gaps in communication has been attributed to a feeling of doctors pressing the time; the patients referred to the hardship discuss financial issues	He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
She said the state police, it is believed that at least 30 had been trapped Hkhadda beginning at home	State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
Baker called to a meeting before the game, uncertain that the incident Kourkd-Pat has broken up the team	Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
He has been transferred to Charzing Cross Hospital, where he remained in critical condition last night	She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the committee for its work and said: &quot;The journey into space will go ahead.&quot;	Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
Got &#39;The Hulk &quot;B62.6 million dollars at the box office, at the opening of the monster new record number in June	OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
The Keeper going to the state of Jackson, where he killed 13 people	The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
T	Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
After a weak start, the Dow Jones index ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S &amp; P 500 rose by 3 to 980.59	Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
The indictment said that Samudra mother resides in Bangkok, but he attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinate the process	The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
It was also officially classified Primary Care Authority and the Department of Mental Health for the first time this year	In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
Among other things, it is imperative for Microsoft to comment in response to proposed solutions	It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
Aid looming on the horizon of Texans team laden insurance premiums owners missile homes rise	Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
It operates six Democrats and Republicans two seat, and qualified for the February 3 elections, the main	Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
Nasdaq dominated by technology shares index fell IXIC b 1.55 points, or 0.09 per cent, at 1,744.91	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
Crews worked to create new water channels and re-tiling the highway until the vehicle drivers to use the eastern lines can travel	Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
Wendy Hall, a spokesman for Halliburton said, &quot;We are sure that KBR had delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms	Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
Alicia Patel inflicted Hakebha after Aptialla Magdy Rady Mega lottery ticket last week, it believes that the ticket had flown away	Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
This was the case Thursday night when they beat Cleveland Kavljerz &quot;Lottery LeBron James&quot; and known in other words, the NBA Lottery PRO	The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
Barnz wrote &quot;workers have short stature sense of weaker than expected heard its outlook age, usually three times more than workers taller&quot;	Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
EU did not specify the anti-fraud and the Belgian public prosecutor whether this system is the same that was in the FBI	Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
Computers currently sold in Canada, the United States and Korea	Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
In the note, he stressed polymer a threat to Microsoft&#39;s Open Source	Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 stock index futures fell 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50	The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
Talabani has told him that Iraq&#39;s leaders need to help the United Nations and advice in the new decisions taken on the organization of an interim Iraqi government by June	Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
Faces Stanford (46-15) team South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game within the exclusion double championship	Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
He received Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index to 10.89, or 1.2 percent to 931.12 as of 12:01 am in New York	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
US Attorney Todd Greenberg said Assistant Attorney General for the fight against terrorism in Seattle, &quot;We are cautious of the situation.&quot;	"We are expending all available resources toward the investigation," said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
But they do not realize this until it is too late (of course) because they are potential victims	But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
Children plaintiffs&#39; lawyer said he plans to appeal	Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
The euro fell as much as four per Almaihmund scoring record level of almost $ B1.1935 last week, and hit a record high as 140.90 yen in late May	The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
The state of Texas, author of more than three times the number of prisoners of the state of Michigan, treated 328 of its prisoners of 16,298 injured.	Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
Boarded the vehicle stock company bottled Nasdaq index 19.11 points or 1.2 percent to $ 1,615.02 Technology	The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
S &amp; P 500 index rose famous &lt;broader&gt; slightly to 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
With a detection feature (X-Bo-Sai), shrinks all open windows on the computer immediately to fit the screen, but it remains clear enough to distinguish them	With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Instead, he left the courtroom a free man after denied criminal charges against him by the authorities	Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
The minister said Jim Olvkil president of the jury, &quot;This case was mentally challenging and emotionally drain alike.&quot;	"This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
Mr. Bush arrives on Tuesday in his first visit to the state visit by the President of the United States	He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
The deal has been approved by both houses of the two companies management, it is expected to be terminated in the third quarter of this year	The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
The company predicted earlier this year, an increase of 4.9 per cent	The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
Jim King, President of the Senate, said the state governor Jeb Bush proposes that the Senate supports cover damages economic Guy	The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
More than 100 police officers fired in raids in London in the final stage of the process of two years of investigation into the importing cocaine and money laundering gang	More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
Profits were 59 cents per share, for the three months ended May 25, compared with 25 cents a share in the past year	Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
But at the age of 15, weighing 117 kg was enormous and reached the difficult decision: It&#39;s time for surgery	But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
The new value of the deal amounted to $ 1.75 billion, including $ 863 million in cash and 52.6 million shares on behalf of PeopleSoft Inc.	PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
The hospital treats all people, but we were able to do that all over the world, Fsnsttia eliminate Aarhab	"If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism," he said.
In his speech on January 28 State of the Union message, Bush said: &quot;The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently bought significant quantities of uranium from Africa	So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
This is up to $ 1.14 billion during the same quarter last year	Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
If that was the Sunday night that the pre Comdex, it must also come it&#39;s time for your Kenot another of Bill Gates	If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.	وقد ألقي القبض عليه الأسبوع الماضي ، لزعم أنه قد لكم حارس مواقف سيارات خارج ملهى ليلي في لوس أنجلوس
Judy Singer, the sixth of Washington, DC row, waiting impatiently for their role in the microphone	Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
The American Cancer Society stated that with many of the scientists that the study was flawed from several quarters	But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
Tatar was on the reservation without bail in Armstrong County Jail today	Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
A few miles to the west after the fall Tautewakan, where you may Tahjn corn for the first time 4,000 years ago	A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
The purpose of the free service was originally to block about 80 percent of the marketing Alcalmat	The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
Among the 24 directors are not executives in the stock market, bisected by representatives of the securities industry, and half of the members of the public officials representing specific	The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
Said Marce Fuller, president Alentive to prick Mirant, &quot;The stronger our priorities are access to financial re-structuring away from the court.&quot;	"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.
The executives are covered by the Executive Directors a former Powell. Alier and c. Richard Thoman, as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Rommerel	Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
Diocese in central Florida on Saturday voted to reject the decision of the Conference on the national denominations to confirm the appointment of a gay man Kmtaran	The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
Chara accused of Arkinz, 32, of Manhattan, to make false testimony and submitting a forged document to three decades marriages	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
Evil Ke Boston Scientific said it got a 51 per cent market coated stent in Europe	It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
It is scheduled that the Banking Committee of the Senate held a hearing on Tuesday, when he will be questioned about Donaldson hedge and mutual funds	The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index fell famous, with 0.04 points, or 0 percent at 971.52	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
The plaintiffs have the right to respect the personal lives	These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
Accused his partner Bijan Darvic provide a false police report	Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
The explosion caused by radiation dirty bomb, the first event throughout the training week, he signed several acres yard in South Seattle industrial	The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
Bruce was appointed n. Hawthorne was Executive Vice President and Director of Personnel	The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
The Commission also appointed Patton Conner in the Kentucky Lottery said, Ost Conner in the Industrial Development Board	The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
McGill also said that the gloves have been dark inside, filling the hole that has been set in a car Alcabres Fund	McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
Analysts speculated that second-quarter sales are estimated at $ 614 million, according to Thomson First Call	Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
Parents have received letters learning the probability of occurrence of contamination yesterday	The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
Negotiators said on Friday they had made good progress during the last round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement	Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston. 
&quot;It&#39;s very difficult to do large common loans in Japan,&quot; where there is a lack of expertise, says a bank employee	"It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," says one banker. 
The case comes from within the state of Illinois and involving a nonprofit company called telemarketing company	The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
Every Thursday Committee meets grain management committee in the Department of Agriculture to determine the output of the weekly export tender	A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender. 
He urged Congress to send me the final bill as soon as possible to be able to legally signed	"I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law," he said. 
Mr. Begin is a lawsuit Health Legal Services in Massachusetts, director, prisoners rights group	Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday. 
The Yi is a graduate in 1990 at the American Military Academy, at West Point, New York	Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. 
&quot;PNC regrets its participation&quot; in the deals, uttered CEO James Rohr said in a statement.	James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident. 
Supported CC AG Bill Carey, discount Rutald, in the governorship election in 2002	Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election. 
But they differed then and supported a series of rival Congolese militia in recent years.	The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions. 
Health officials in the state today that the young northeast Kansas is likely to have the first case in the state of disease among monkeys, humans or animals	Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River. 
Another said that its members will continue to contact the most phone numbers from 50 million in the list of the Federal Trade Commission	Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list. 
Veteran artist Bob Hope turns 100 - and many years spent in the center Alphena- on Thursday	Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday. 
Navistar shares fell 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $ 41.19 in New York Stock Exchange after falling to $ 39.93	Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93. 
US Secretary of State Colin Powell said that relations with Iran will not stop	Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue. 
Airport staff pontoon plane covers 4.5 acres, it took five years to build the ship	The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard. 
The governor said John Baldaci: I am very proud of the citizens of this state	"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted. 
Stout previously worked for the account belonging to the General Electric Company is a capital services company General Electric, where he was a deputy and Director of Technology President and staff of the Information	Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer. 
Only yield of 0.3 per cent for Intel Corp. had fallen	Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield. 
The hospital also entered associates worked infected and classified in good condition	A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said. 
Police said the shooting victim was transferred to Knyndz County Hospital, where he died	The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead. 
Not managers Liberty, though CBS, MGM present comment	A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment. 
A new study found that 32 of the 16.608 post have been infected with ovarian cancer within 5 years of follow-up	The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones. 
The reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash, and muscle aches	Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light. 
Klein was taken by his quote: &quot;We&#39;ve become like strangers.&quot;	"We've become like total strangers," John told a pal two days before his death. 
Duffy graduated on Sbtefi the University of North West, the god of the associations, with a Bachelor of Arts in religion and philosophy	Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister. 
Veteran filmmaker and artist screen Hume Cronin died of cancer on Sunday	Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut. 
It is expected to complete the field Blomnt, Skrimshaw, the supervisor, and the best ministers, ten wanted men	Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning. 
The Nasdaq composite index fell 23.54 to technology shares, or up 1.42 percent, to 1.630.08	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60. 
It was another test VPL missile delivered to the armed forces	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces. 
If, withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, but tomorrow lattes soon	"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow," added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
Director of Government Canyon, Deirdre Hessler said, that the state eyeing for some time on this piece real estate, and she is eager to complete the deal to get them	Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
According to a press release by the sender Terri Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Johnnie Byrd, spokesman for the state of Florida will present &quot;Therese Bill&quot; during the special session on Monday	Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee. 
As well as volunteer companies throughout the state of Utah to display Amber Alerts on their banners	Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards. 
Former Archbishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa said on Sunday that he does not know &quot;what all the fuss&quot; over the appointment of gay bishop, but urged the clergy to stay gay Gzba	South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos oil last Saturday, on charges of fraud and tax evasion	The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
It expects this year&#39;s sales of $ 94 million and a profit of 26 cents per share from continuing operations	This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast. 
Signed Hewlett-Packard in September, a deal with the development and marketing of the company	Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co. 
It will remain on consumers get a guarantee from the cable employee card to operate the machine	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service. 
j Concorde began on Friday, about the time of sunrise and they seem to be launched directly from sunrise	Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun. 
Announces phase Stage 1 upon the arrival of ozone levels to 0.20 parts per million	The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million. 
After Hughes refused to hire Hernandez, filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission	Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued. 
The three grocery store chain is counting on managers and workers alternate to keep their shops open	The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours. 
The proposal calls Dohurst to an abrupt end to the plan, &quot;Robin Hood&quot; school finance controversial	The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system. 
Countries condemns and other private creditors $ 80 billion at least as well	Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion). 
Marketers call seeking figures in the list after October 1 fines of up to $ 11,000 per call could face	Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation. 
While waiting for the arrival of the bomb squad, the bomb exploded, thus giving the death of Wells	The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive. 
He explained that he had found when he visited Alontatuniras to Weitz in 2001 as an assistant post-doctorate at the University of Bristol in England Research	He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain. 
Located airline Air Canada, the largest in Canada and No. 11 globally, under the protection of the court from creditors since April 1	The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1. 
The jackets that reserves the security officer could not fill his place because he was on active military service	The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said. 
The jury found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by spraying pepper spray on Oliveira-Carrera	Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray. 
Pulled out the bodies of some of the dead from under the train, where it was put next to the iron bars until the emergency services came wooden Bhetwabat	The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification. 
Garner said the mayor of Baghdad office self, Mohammed Mohsen al-Baghdadi, had been released two days later under the tutelage of forces Alnhalv	Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April. 
Prosecutor Samuel Boyle told the Associated Press, &quot;The Enron executives were involved in the scam is broad and diffuse	"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results," Buell said. 
He Jamerman who heard the case without a jury, &quot;It seems to me that we are dealing here with bragging rights issue, who wins and who loses.&quot;	"Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses," said Gammerman. 
The customers who pay to $ 1.219 as entry fee get a short text message in 2003 with 10 permits customers to enter device	Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219. 
Indicate the product of a survey of indigenous peoples for the year 2001 issued yesterday by the Office of Statistics Canada that living standards have improved but still lag behind those living outside the reserves	The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves. 
It should keep the recent changes in the stock market and reduce unemployment demands on consumer expectations at current levels and may indicate more convenient Aguensadah Times later	The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said. 
While trading was weak today, it was Standrdz &amp; P 500 index was preparing to close the three-month period has the best since the fourth quarter of 1998	The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998. 
Phoberomys&#39; skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.	اكتشف الباحثون هذه الحفريات في منطقة شبه صحراء فنزويللا، حوالي ميلا إلى الغرب من كراكاس
ONA said explicitly that it has received intelligence information that the Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to carry out in Bali	"But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali." 
She denied those reports by the Interior Minister Nayef al-Mir	However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports. 
Bryant said earlier that the visit had an impact on greater demand than officials expected	Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected. 
American women will play carriers title in Philadelphia on September 25, and Echttman Group Competition in September 28	The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio. 
The judge can Leroy Millett commutation to life imprisonment without release, where Muhammad was sentenced to officially on February 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action	Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity. 
Mr. McDonnell leads Grant Thornton International investigations in the Italian business sector	Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures. 
The spokeswoman for Strong Memorial Hospital said David in satisfactory condition Tuesday night	A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room. 
Ray Brent faces 29 multiple Aamathma about the scam in the burial service, and make false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft	Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft. 
And then he asked Bresidnt Powell College Pripino him to conclude his speech	After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech. 
During the 12 month period ended June 30, the proportion of high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses rose by 45%	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent. 
Ricky Clemons ended the history of the brief&#39;s troubled soccer Missouri basket	Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there. 
US military officials say that the rotor wash in the helicopter may lead to a striking blow	US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower. 
It urges the largest association in the industry members on a non-contact, including more than 50 million landline phone number or a cell on the list	Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list. 
The settlement was reached to take effect this week after less than two months to take over the management of O&#39;Malley&#39;s fourth-largest local Diocese	The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese. 
Congressman wrote police said that yesterday was the evacuation of US Congressman wrote after authorities revealed the possible presence of hazardous substances in the Senate stand in the basement	U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm. 
His spokesman, Jim Kennedy, as the former president gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation	His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation. 
Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s index fell 971.52 vast Alancharaly 500, worth 0.04 points, or 0 percent	Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50. 
General Dynamics workers accused of age discrimination reverse due to a change in retirement benefits in 1997	General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997. 
One accused important figures in Mahtt bribe former Secretary of State Paul Sylvester Fund on Wednesday, changing his story about the alleged corrupt dealings Sylvester with the Boston investment firm	A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business. 
The task of the second CAPP system and will always remain the aviation security, &quot;said Administration, part of the Department of Homeland Security	"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," they said. 
Hoeven did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said that his client &quot;did not wake up that day,&quot; no one any harm Matzma	Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said. 
Daschle wrote, &quot;We believe that it is not necessarily a conflict between us enhanced divisive on the date of the Supreme Almjkmh	"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president. 
Daraash found that Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 of NTT / Verio and 129,378 Infospace	Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found. 
The task of a radiation facility Infrared Space Telescope is to search for the beginnings of the universe	NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning. 
The manufacturer produces, illiterate Mead Corporation, headquartered Gaivr Sberg 4 million to 5 million doses this year	MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year. 
Kaicn appeared Wednesday in federal court on charges of bank robbery	She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea. 
The network announced that the latest movement of high-level Tadblatt in the CNN, Ryan Tia leave her post as general manager for programming United States	In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming. 
And suspected of being a leading figure in the Jemaah Islamiyah, a subsidiary of the Al Qaeda terrorist group Tndeim, which is considered responsible for bombings	Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings. 
The head of the fire brigade Albuquerque Robert Ortega, there are about 100 firefighters in El Bosque today	"We were seconds away from having that happen," Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said. 
The head of Al Almarlijnz David Samson to San club spokesman: &quot;This issue has been resolved.&quot;	The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved." 
China&#39;s Health Ministry said that five other people have died because of the SARS disease in addition to the 159 infected	On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus. 
It called the respected Lancet medical journal to a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom	A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups. 
Additional step recorded by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco is the latest in a decade-long effort	The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus. 
He said that Alogdah and Drug Administration that she had hoped that the Congressman wrote, the courts provide an explanation of the situation and some financial assistance to consumers	He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections. 
Ernst &amp; Young did not admit any wrongdoing with the settlement	Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing. 
The truck driver fled and is now being search for him by the police	But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning. 
Kosovo was a witness 27-year-old guard positions His criminal convictions for dishonesty were charging 10,000 from the News of the World	The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard. 
Bush said &quot;different and in many ways was the technical prowess of black musicians convey the experience of black Americans throughout our history.&quot;	Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history. 
The differences between Grassley and Thomas about energy, health care has become very sharp, where other members say that their relationship heated is embarrassing for the party	Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party. 
Geraldine said Andrew pastor&#39;s wife, said that Robinson had cast her daughter from a psychiatric hospital	Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility. 
I&#39;ve hit a security guard and then fled, appellants, two passers-by, which escapes through the side of the Corniche	He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea. 
He attributed He and his colleagues are some gaps in communication to doctors feeling the time pressure	He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues. 
State police said that trapped at least 30 workers after the collapse of the garage directly	As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said. 
Baker called to the club before the meeting on the morning of Thursday, poet worried that the controversy has distracted the minds of Cubs	Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team. 
He was transferred by ambulance to Charzing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith	She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night. 
Bush gave a speech yesterday, thanking the Committee for its work and said, &quot;our journey into space will go ahead.&quot;	Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on." 
US ANGELES - &quot;The Hulk&quot; was a monster at the box Altmacrve his first appearance at the weekend, holds a No. opening June record with $ 62.6 million	"The Hulk" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record. 
That the governor was going to Jackson, where he reported the deaths of 13 of the 16 state	The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed. 
Congratulations on your selection as a figure for the year Time magazine	Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003. 
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Co., the rate rose by 11.13 to 9,228.48, while topped the S &amp; P 500 by 1.74 to 982.33	After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59. 
Falt The indictment literally attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers, and the coordination process	Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation. 
In addition, he was awarded star ratings to the body of primary health care (PCTs) for the first time this year	Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year. 
The grant is also an opportunity for Microsoft to comment on the solutions proposed by the Commission	Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response. 
Texans team has ridden an angel gets installments missile homes rise in the end aid	Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums. 
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jack and qualify for the main elections on February 3	Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot. 
S &amp; P 500 index gained widespread 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91. 
Crews worked to create new water channels and prepare the highway so motorists can use the eastern lines of travel, where storm clouds threatened rain Precipitation	Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel. 
Halliburton confirmed on Tuesday allegations that KBR had delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the most favorable terms	"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms," Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said. 
Alicia Patel told police she had caused her purse when Food Store rapid market left last week after buying the ticket	Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away. 
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to diagnose James after winning the NBA&#39;s annual lottery Thursday night	Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery. 
Among workers, the researchers found that short stature workers have the sense of hearing is weaker than expected for their age	"Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers," writes Barrenas. 
Mr. Kolbn did not specify whether this system is the one who was at the center of investigations	Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation. 
Limited PC-oriented entertainment in the United States, Canada and Korea Sales	The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea. 
The polymer may hear in another warning that Linux poses a threat to Microsoft	In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft. 
Shares of Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 index rose 4.83 points known or 0.49 per cent to 980.76	Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50. 
Talabani has told The Governing Council would need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions taken	Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June. 
Faces Stanford (46-15) team South Carolina (44-20) today in the first round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Nebraska	Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament. 
A progress indicator of the SPX Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s 500 famous 11 points, or 1.25 per cent to reach 931	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York. 
US Attorney Todd Greenberg said Assistant Attorney General for the fight against terrorism in Seattle &quot;We are expanding all available sources for achieving&quot;	"We are aware of the situation," said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle. 
But they do not realize this until it is too late (of course) because they are potential victims of the horror film	But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims. 
Arthur Benson, the lawyer said in the case of children the plaintiffs that he will resume	An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal. 
The euro fell by about 4 per cent since scoring record level of around $ 1.1935 just last week and its high value at all to 140.90 yen in late May	The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May. 
Pennsylvania, which owns more aggressive treatment regimens, treated 548 out of 8.030 prisoners	Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates. 
Stocks rose the vehicle laden Nasdaq technology 20.96 points to 1595.91 and closed at its highest since Msnoy 12 Months	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02. 
Nasdaq shares technological company index down 15 points, or 0.98 per cent, to reach 921	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921. 
With a detection feature, all the open windows shrink to fit the screen, but remain clearly enough to distinguish them	With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify. 
Instead, the prosecution dismissed the charges against him and Rucker left the courtroom a free man	Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges. 
Jim Olvkil president of the jury, and the minister is the 41-year-old &quot;This case represented mentally challenging and emotionally drain both said&quot;	Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting." 
We arrived at the end of this week in the first state visit by the US president&#39;s visit	Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President. 
It is expected to close the deal, approved by both houses of the two companies managing, in the third quarter from the third quarter of fiscal year Nvidia	The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year. 
Pre-research firm predicted an increase of 4.9 per cent	The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase. 
Jim King, President of the Senate, said that he could fly to the mixture that stretches the hearing fixed by Bush for more than four days	The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King. 
Aktrmen 100 police officers took part in the ceremony, which was the culmination of a two-year process about the investigation into the importing cocaine and money laundering gang	More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring. 
Excluded special items, fourth-quarter earnings of 64 cents a share compared with 25 cents per share, in last year	Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier. 
But arrived at the age of 15, to 260 pounds and a difficult decision, the time has come for surgery	But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery. 
She companies, PeopleSoft company will adhere to B863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares	The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares. 
He said, that if he were able to do that all over the world, we will put an end to terrorism	This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism." 
In his speech at the Union in January, Bush announced that Britain Almtman Africa that Saddam Hussein recently bought significant quantities of uranium from Africa	In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa." 
Net revenue rose to $ 3.99 billion from $ 3.85 billion in the same quarter last year	That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year. 
If this is your device Comdex Bill Gates, it must have the time has come for new computers Tablets	If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote. 
According to reports, he claimed that the horsemen had hit a guard parking badly outside a nightclub in Los Angeles	He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA. 
Among those waiting in line were Judy Singer, a girl in the sixth from Washington, DC row	Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone. 
But the Cancer Society has stated that he had been abused studied	The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways. 
Both are under arrest in Armstrong County Jail	Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today. 
A few miles farther east after the fall Tehuacan, where you may Tahjn corn for the first time 4,000 years ago	A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago. 
Confusion dominated the week noisily to the list, and Olney intended to prevent about 80 per cent of her call telephone marketing	The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls. 
It divided the 24 other member between representatives of the securities industry, and what are known members of the Board of Directors General	Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members. 
Said CEO Marce Fuller, &quot;The stronger our priorities are access to financial re-structuring away from the court, and still we are optimistic we can do it!&quot;	"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday. 
It is named in the complaint were former executives Kpra A. Powell. Aller c. Richard Thoman former CFO Barry d. Rommerel	The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril. 
Diocese of the mandate of Central Florida on Saturday became the first clan officially rejects national denominations policies on homosexuality	The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop. 
Chira to Arkinz, 32, of Manhattan, accused three sham marriages, is also accused of false testimony, offering a forged document	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications. 
It estimated on Thursday that its share of the European market is estimated at 51 per cent	Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe. 
Scheduled to Almsavih Committee of the Senate held a hearing on Tuesday, where he is expected to make a Donaldson testified on hedge and mutual Snandik	The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds. 
The NASDAQ companies for heavy technology index off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52. 
Kennedy said &quot;these guys have the right to respect of their personal lives.&quot;	"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives." 
Mr. Morse is accused in the assault, while Darvic He is accused of providing a false report	His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report. 
Placebo explosion happened, the first event in the exercises, in South Seattle industrial	The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area. 
The third new work for the post of Vice President and Director of Personnel Aatnive	Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer. 
Commission fees reduced because of Patton set improperly for Conner in the Kentucky Lottery and then a pair Colin, Seth, also set improperly, the Council of Agricultural Development	Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says. 
McGill also recounted in detail about the hole that has been set in a car Alcabres Fund	McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk. 
Analysts had expected a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call	Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site. 
The neighborhood has also sent letters yesterday to inform parents situation	Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday. 
