Unfortunately ٳn ultimate goal of the European constitution will be exactly the opposite of Allowadkhh and we can not approve it.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.
ٳn right for the government to draw its own constitution ٳattabattiya is a unique identifier for each tyranny.	The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.
ٳn government&#39;s right to renounce the Constitution, is an arbitrary definition of tyranny outstanding.	The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.
They can actually wishing for something more and better, and I Odhan it&#39;s a good start.	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.
Madam President, I would like to ask you on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my behalf sent a message of condolence by the Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in Brittany as Marin City Galsaia arises where the bulk of the victims.	On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.
One can already as he wants more and better, but I think a big frankly it&#39;s a good start.	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.
Thank you very much, Mr. Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Commissioner.
It is necessary that it should clearly identify the causes of my Alٳsabh increase in cases of mad cow disease not only in France and ٳnma in other Member States as well.	Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Mr. President, we can observe the position of the commission of inquiry with regard to access public documents read Dakhli evidence that has been awarding me in the atheist th of October with the Commission officials to explain the way they should deal respectfully with requests from Member regarding access to documents.	Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.
I insist on this point because the market can not regulate everything, and it&#39;s due to this, there is no and there can not be a competition without borders.	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.
ٳma is not certain ٳtalaca that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another because of different definitions of the definition of MI is currently used in the Member States is the inadequacy and insufficiency.	After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.
I also voted against requesting the inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the future treaty, which will be adopted in Nice.	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.
Among those Qao on fifty-seven are members of the Senate, including a twenty-four Republican message.	Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
I find it a little odd bind the Commission now Bٳguetrah decision and to ask them, at the same time, the drafting of a green paper on the current state of the optional insurance, insurance supplementary patients.	I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.
I ٳnna urge the French Presidency to do everything in its power to heal the rift is particularly devastating.	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.
As regard to the European Parliament in its resolution issued on March 16, 2000 and which are initiatives, it is intended through which the Council could play a more active role for the overall application and complete plan for the United Nations to ensure peace?	Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?
- Mr. President, in my speech I will focus on Ms. Mayar report, which I find a good blueprint on the level of ideas and clearly.	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak about the joint resolution, which obviously we voted on it.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.
I encourage Prague to take this message, the call, this request for dialogue, to work and to succeed in it so that, together with the Council, to the effects of the national period abandoned.	I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.
There must be intelligent network for coordination between national agencies, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the local level.	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.
By pulling our decision, I am convinced, however, that Parliament was Bٳmkanh do more to make its voice heard with regard to the European Council in Nice, detailed decision and specifically on these topics that are important and very difficult Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealing with them in ٳtar unified decision also includes all other items on the agenda of the Council.	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.
Just like the European Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has considerable experience with regard to these forms of control we can take it as a basis.	The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.
We started in ٳjra discussions on this subject, and is Majolh clear that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
First, to simplify and clarify treaties.	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
Without a doubt, it was better that there be an agreement only there to be an agreement on this bad, and in this case, the American proposal was completely proposal to cede unacceptable for Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.
Joint debate has been closed.	The joint debate is closed.
ٳma we want to help Indonesia must now intervene hopes and activities, and not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.
ٳnh defender with him by the rapporteur and shared by the European People&#39;s Party position.	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.
We must identify the reasons for this rise in the incidence of mad cow disease not only in France but also in the Member States.	Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Finally, and this is dramatically more controversial topic, the Committee called ٳly strongly ٳjra use the fast-track to implement this legislation.	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
Continued pressure, the money they earn from the distribution outside the limits of 150 grams allows them to strengthen their position.	They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.
ٳma we want to help Indonesia must now speak of money and concrete actions, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.
I call on Prague to seize this mark this call, this request for dialogue, to take successive actions and to abide by that contact with this Parliament this ancient national monuments can be abandoned.	I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.
Nevertheless, I would like to say to the Council in the afternoon of this day that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States, and that the bulk of these funds are managed in the Member States.	But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.
These goals, the ultimate goal of which secondary objectives, will be the standard by which you will judge the future concrete proposals by the Commission.	These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.
He added that the European Council will discuss the state of progress in the accession negotiations and therefore expansion.	The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.
My party has deep reservations about the organization of the sale of consumer goods through the legislation as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation can take, but the government, which I found very courageously solution to the issue of the university and many of the problems need to be clear signs of success also need strong support for fear that the threat to peace in the region.	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.
We must clearly define the reasons for the rise in the incidence of mad cow disease, not only in France but also in the Member States.	Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Just as the European Parliament has called in its resolution March 16, 2000 Presidency of the European Council that they intend to take initiatives to play a more active for the full implementation of the UN plan for peace assurance role.	Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?
I wonder if the Commissioner had presented steps that would make it possible to show that we consider Kunica legally elected representatives of the Serbian people as a partner with him and will address the European Union now.	I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.
Labeling of beef that has been adopted, which is the minimum labeling, in force for two and a half animal source is not tracking properly and I recently attended a little bit dangerous substances identified.	The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.
The annual report is intended to identify potential improvements.	The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.
Recent events against the Greek minority Bhimra made we need more binding measures to promote democratization, institution-building and respect for human rights in Albania.	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
I say this to you clearly, we must give chance to Kostunica, and therefore I hope that it will ensure an amnesty in the weeks or months ahead, but in the meantime, in political terms and in financial terms, the political conditions are linked to the inclusion of these two items The new budget and my name here democracy and reconstruction.	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.
Finally, and in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces an integrated way to achieve equality through gender mainstreaming and general guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.
It is recognized that the knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a prerequisite to move.	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.
There must be intelligent network for coordination between national agencies, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the local level.	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.
We have heard that the previous presidency had Hiklt then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.	We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.
Parliament before the oral amendment.	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
Mr. President, the expansion is necessary in order to build a strong and extended the continent of Europe.	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.
On the situation in Burma.	on the situation in Burma
This cooperation, but your support and warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thanks you.	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.
The lesson that must be held by the Council in its discussion of this morning is that we Majaburon to conclude that the laws are freely throughout the world, in a state of chaos, and we must linger consider their mission to bring order.	The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.
Unfortunately, the last goal of the European constitution will be a renewal, and vice versa, of course, we can not agree.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.
The establishment of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament has been trying to achieve for a long time.	A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.
Cloture	The debate is closed.
Those who refuse to enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement that the rear passenger seat of a car.	Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.
In my opinion there is no worse than having ٳalam people to be the theme in their favor could be a set of words and have no worries their presence.	Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.
By pulling our decision, I am, however, convinced that the Parliament could have done more to devote his voice, given the Nice Council, appointed a separate and important topics and extremely difficult decision if the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of being treated within the framework of a single resolution also includes all the points the other on the agenda of the Council.	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.
I had also impressed by the report of the auditor was a little easy to use and it has made some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations for each chapter.	I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.
Slovakia did not judge them to stay in the second set and it is logical that they wish to join the Union at the same time, such as the Czech Republic.	Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.
Welcome the proposed preparations in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and assessed by the General Assembly regarding how the adoption of NGOs in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.
It is not clear with respect to this point, and it is impossible to be able to keep under the work more complicated measures, particularly with regard to this point of the amendments Jdolnaha.	This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.
Greek ships were ٳgragaha, without any storm around, Mr. Gesson.	Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of the European constitution will be the opposite, and it is clear that we can not support him.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.
This is a development of this kind, which I hope other Member States in the Aruban Union.	It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.
The right to say that the Committee on Legal Affairs is continuing to the upper limit and maintain Al lowest rate, which can not be less than 7% is rejected.	The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.
There must be intelligent network for coordination between national agencies, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the local level.	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.
They go on trial in January 8 next year signed accused of participating in a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France and already denied.	He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.
Labeling of beef that was his, and which form the minimum labeling and which came into effect only two months and a half ago, it does not make it possible to return the animals to the proper source and stop us belatedly unacceptable hazardous substances identified.	The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.
I stress this point because the market can find a solution for everything and, in this sense, there can not be any competition without limits.	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.
Without a doubt, it was better that there be no agreement on this bad and, in this case, the US Amegrah was a proposal with the assignment, which was not fully accepted by Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.
Should welcome the fact that this council has been able to collect a large majority in favor of greater transparency of the amount.	It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.
On the contrary, the power of national democracies shrunk in the hope of increasing the limit in the right of veto and to give more power than ever before in the EU Parliament.	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.
We have heard that the former president returned the first structure can be dismantled and the Ministry of equal opportunities.	We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.
When we face the danger of potential, it is necessary to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.
Welcome the proposed provisions in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and assessed by the General Assembly with respect to the adoption of a way non-governmental organizations and the setup process and the special session in September 2001.	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.
When we face the danger of an occupier, it is important to afford preventive principles.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.
These goals, the goal of the initial objectives and the secondary, the cornerstone to allow us to judge the concrete proposals by the Commission.	These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.
On the situation in Burma.	on the situation in Burma
With the withdrawal of our decision, we express, however, expressed the conviction that our Parliament had been able to do what is best for its voice heard a praise devote, Nice Council, a specific resolution and detail are very important topics and very difficult of the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealing with them in the context of the decision only one also includes all other points on the agenda of the Council.	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.
There is an urgent need for this reason we decided to have this put on the agenda.	Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.
This is what we have done: I have avoided the crisis in the budget to return to Article 272; and financial point of view and then preserved even if we had used the tool flexibility.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.
I appeal urgently, the French Presidency to do all everything in its power to heal the rift is particularly devastating.	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.
Nradokther can already be said and what is best, but I think it&#39;s a good start.	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.
I had also impressed to see the Cour des Comptes report a little more user-friendly and it had little feet of clear recommendations, for example one or two recommendations for each chapter.	I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.
Second, we must say &quot;no&quot; to the conventional notion that the Big Bang, and that at the same time, a large group of countries, because that would be in contradiction with the principle to accept the annexation of each country according to its considerations.	Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.
Due to these facts, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is necessary.	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.
My party has serious reservations about Community law which applies to the sale of consumer products in exchange for applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
Faced with this situation, the need for greater participation and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is necessary.	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.
That&#39;s why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, however, the government, which I found very courageously solution to the issue of Universities and for many of the problems we need a clear and strong signs of support and only peace is threatened in the region, inter.	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.
When we face the danger of potential, it is important to put into practice the principle of precaution.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.
We have heard that the previous presidential first ٳaadh restructuring and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.	We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.
(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.
Either to be a part of the club, or that we are not, and should therefore succumb to this decision.	Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.
It is a disgrace when Tdhan that the European Union creates a champion for modernization of economic life.	That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.
It&#39;s what we have done, Ajtnebena budget crisis when we go back to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been preserved, even if we use the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.
Permits must be followed by concrete actions to be familiar with and freeze and seize the crime products.	Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak about the joint resolution, which obviously will vote on it.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.
The most urgent task, which is, however, have no interest in pulsed by the public.	It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.
I call on Prague to seize this opportunity, this call, this request for dialogue, to continue research and to ensure that, together with the Council, these effects nationalist age can be abandoned.	I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.
Finally, and this is something most controversial, the Commission has called sharply to use a fast track procedure for the application of this legislation.	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
There are of course, very important point is the fact that we have begun in the fourth category, with their approach, but we do not yet know very well if we succeed in finding a solution to the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate enough in deep thought.	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation can withstand However, the government has started with great courage and found a solution with the question in the Universities and many other problems, you need to clear signs of success, as well as strong support, under penalty of the vision of peace is threatened as a whole in the region.	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.
This is a defender with him by the rapporteur and shared by the European People&#39;s Party position.	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.
Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting
Parliament accepted the oral amendment.	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
Third, acceptance of enlargement and the positive prospects of the various countries and the European Union inter - example of Denmark is there to show that the Na- eliminate the social and democratic deficit for European policy.	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.
Facing criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer adviser, he gave a different explanation: ٳnha now is a tax on all users, including heavy vehicles to transport goods of British drivers.	That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.
(Meeting, stalled with 14:06 been taken back on at 15:00)	(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)
Question No. 6 through (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):
It is agreed that knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a necessary precondition to navigate.	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.
I also voted against requesting the inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the future treaty, which will be adopted in Nice.	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.
The situation is getting worse, when it comes to women distant countries that have accepted this work of necessity and that do not have an alternative to continue to satisfy the basic needs.	The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.
He added that the European Council will also discuss the state of progress in the accession negotiations and therefore expansion.	The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.
If we want to help Indonesia, we must now get involved with money and concrete activities, and not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.
Just like the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has a particularly strong with regard to these forms of censorship experience. We can take them as a basis.	The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.
Finally, and in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces an integrated way to achieve equality through gender mainstreaming and general guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.
From first thoughts on this subject, which took place at the European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, it is committed to the Committee of Member States to strengthen the work for the development of what we consider to be a European police culture, built on the highest standards with regard to ethical principles, respect for citizens&#39; rights and freedoms and efficiency in the fight against crime.	From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.
There is an urgent need for this reason we decided to put this on the agenda.	Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.
Mr. President, in my speech must focus on Ms. Alemiasar self-determination, which I think is an insightful and clearly well planned.	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.
It is a priority of our struggle even prove fundamental rights is put into effect in the political choices.	This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.
It&#39;s the evolution of this kind, which I hope in other countries in the European Union.	It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.
Those who refuse to enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that the rear passenger seat of a car.	Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.
My party expressed reservations about regulating the sale of consumer goods through the Community legislation, also offers reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
There must be intelligent network for coordination between national agencies, which, in turn, will have to move and coordinate a network of centers of discrimination in food safety. At the local level.	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.
Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting
- The creation of a unit for temporary judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, it is not that the European Parliament aims to long ago.	A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.
Slovakia is not to stay in the second set and it makes sense that they want to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.	Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.
When we face the danger of potential, it is important to put into practice the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.
It&#39;s a disgrace when we believe that the European Union presents himself as a hero modernization of economic life.	That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.
I find, for example, a model that France will be designed to take this step.	I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.
Mr. President, the Committee on freedoms and rights of citizens, the Ministry of Justice and the Interior have been prepared with great care Karamano report.	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.
ٳnh defender with him by the rapporteur and shared by the European People&#39;s Party position.	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.
(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.
In light of these facts, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is necessary.	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.
Thus, it is urgent that the workforce in a range between departments that are quickly strengthened poodle General Secretariat of the Commission so that all the proposals of law and public domain to be accompanied by handled by the college on the basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, for a detailed statement of the effect.	As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.
There are, of course, an important point is the fact that we have begun the fourth broadband line, with his approach, but we do not know until now is very good if we can solve the problem, especially that the Council does not want to contribute enough to the development of ideas.	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.
This cooperation, for your support, and also to welcome you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks you.	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.
First, simplify and clarify the treaties.	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
There must be honestly focal point for national agencies network, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.
Greek ships have sunk, without there having a smaller storm in her neck wood, Mr. Gesson.	Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.
2000/0794 / B5 through Mr. Medina Oorothyqa, Mr. Nkur and Mr. Fava (fava), on behalf of the Group of the European Socialist parties about the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;	B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;
Above all, when there is a company of one owner or the presence of a company with fewer than 250 employees, and has a project, you should take advantage of the funding not only to ensure 120%, but also depending on a simple idea.	Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.
Parliament accepted the amendment verbally.	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
In addition, we would like to prove in Europe, we can develop Deznorah equality in Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia by recognizing the true principles of democracy.	On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.
I would like to tell you clearly that it must be given the opportunity to Kostunica, and for this we hope that there will be seeking a general amnesty during the coming weeks or months, and in the meantime, I hope in political terms and financial offer associated with the introduction of these two new items in the budget and political conditions, namely democracy and reconstruction.	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.
We must speak with one voice jerky to the World Trade Organization.	We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.
Marking the beef, which was decided, and is the minimum labeling that were into effect two months ago and a half, does not make it possible to trace the origin of the animals properly, and be very late, and the prevention of certain materials which Okhtalr.	The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.
Without a doubt, best not to get any agreement from having the wrong deal, and in this case, the US proposed fell into the water, which is completely unacceptable for Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.
May know foreign languages ​​is a necessary precondition with mobility.	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.
Members of the British Labour Party for a PS A, welcomes the support and contribute to the work of the IGC, and closer cooperation without adhering perfectly with all these details.	The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.
Mr. President, I will focus myself to Mrs. Alemiar report, I find it a deliberate and clearly identified.	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.
We should be happy that Parliament has succeeded in gathering a large majority in favor of more transparency.	It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.
Budget line for mine-clearance programs and prevention for years.	There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.
Development which rely heavily on borrowed capital.	That made them heavily dependent on loans.
Necessary, to be happy for the success of Parliament in mobilizing a large majority in favor of greater transparency.	It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.
Lhz cooperation, for this support, and also to welcome you, Madam President, ladies and MEPs, the French presidency, thank you.	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.
The recent events against the Greek minority in Himara, the essential need to strengthen democratic standards, and strengthening of institutions, respect for human rights in Albania.	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
Since the first ideas on this issue, which took place at the European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, and the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote the work in order to develop what could be considered the European police culture based on the highest Almaierfi ​​the field of ethics, and respect for human rights and freedoms, and effectiveness in The fight against crime .	From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.
This is the position advocated by the decision, and supported by the European People&#39;s Party.	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.
Accepted that knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a necessary precondition to navigate.	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.
I find it a little strange that the Commission now forced to propose a decision, and to ask them at the same time put a green paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary health insurance.	It is accepted that knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition to mobility. 
However, I would like to say to the House of Representatives this afternoon, we should not lose sight that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States, and that most of these funds are managed in the member states.	But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.
The annual report aims to determine the potential of these improvements.	The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.
This is a struggle for the rights a priority in the political choices confirmation.	This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.
In the beginning, you should simplify and clarify these treaties.	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
We should know today, given that we are still in a state of uncertainty, scientific data and measures to be taken.	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.
And I emphasize this point; because the market can not regulate everything, and in this context, it can not compete without limits.	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.
Either we are part of the club or not, we must succumb to this decision.	Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.
On the situation in Burma.	on the situation in Burma
If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene with money and business tangible n and not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.
Question No. 6 (h 0886/00)	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):
First, you must simplify and clarify these treaties.	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
If the priority in the Union political action, the fish catching sector of the economy, can not remain on the sidelines.	Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
It is essential that we know today, since we are still in a state of uncertainty, what are the scientific facts and what actions should be taken.	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.
I stress this point, because the market can not regulate everything, and from this perspective, there can not be a competition without borders.	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.
Question 6 (h 0886/00)	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):
If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and concrete actions, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.
First, simplify and clarify these treaties.	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
And, unfortunately, the ultimate objective of the European Constitution, by contrast, and of course we can not approve it.	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.
Decision in the Nice summit, which was to vote for him does not reflect that.	The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.
Madam President, I ask you on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, and in my name, send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and local authorities in both Brittany and in Marin and in the city of Galicia, where most of the victims.	On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.
To face these facts, we need a great deal of participation and greater efficiency of the fight against poverty and underdevelopment, this is essential.	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.
Mr. President, the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs, had prepared a super Krmeno report carefully.	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.
In 1996, the European Parliament voted in favor of a ban on the use of meat and bone ground in the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle, if we listened to.	As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.
Finally, such a controversial issue, and the Committee strongly advocated the use of swift measures to implement this legislation.	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
When we face the potential risks, it is important to put the precautionary principle into implementation.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.
Thank you very much, Mr. Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Commissioner.
Development that has made it relies heavily on borrowed capital.	That made them heavily dependent on loans.
Mr. President, the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs, prepared a super Krmeno report carefully.	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.
Corresponding closed	The debate is closed.
I also voted against the text, which calls for the inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights n in the next treaty, which will be adopted in Nice.	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.
Mr. President, the expansion is necessary to build a strong and united Europe.	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.
Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting
If we created a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the various systems to meet these needs, there must be a test longer.	If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.
One can want more, and in the improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.
The annual report aims to identify possible improvements.	The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.
It&#39;s urgent, so I decided to put this item on the agenda.	Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.
We can more and better, but I think frankly it&#39;s a good start.	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.
Parliament approved the amendment verbally.	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
My party has serious reservations about the organization of the sale of consumption through legislation society, also had reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
Unfortunately ٳn another goal for the European constitution will be a sharp contrast, and thus will not be able to vote for him, of course.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we cannot approve it. 
Arbitrary ٳn right government in a rigid constitution is specific for each property tyranny.	The right for a government to draw aside its constitution arbitrarily is the definition characteristic of a tyranny. 
ٳn government&#39;s right to put aside the arbitrary constitution is the property of knowledge of tyranny.	The right for a government to dismiss arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a characteristic tyranny. 
Certainly one can, hoping that more and wishes improvement but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	They can in fact wish to more and better, but I think that it is a good start.   
For me and for my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would like to ask you, Madam President, ٳrsal Parliament&#39;s condolences to the families of the victims of both Brittany and Marin Bgalsaia, home to the majority of the victims.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and in my own name, to send a message of condolence on the part of Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of Brittany as Marín, city of Galicia, where originating from most of the victims. 
One can already be as he wants more, and in the improvement, but I think frankly that we have a good start.	One can indeed wish more and better, but I believe very honestly that it is a good start. 
Thank you dear Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner. 
ٳn there are explanations for the crisis to rise not only in France and ٳnma in other Member States are also mad cow disease occurs.	It is obviously necessary to determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.   
Mr. President, the position of the probe of the right of access to documents can be discerned from the internal handbook sent in atheist th of October Modvi Committee to explain to them how to deal with the demands of the European members of the parliament to get the documents.	Mr President, we can see the Commission's position in terms of public access to documents by reading the internal manual which was given on 11 October, with the Commission officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members with regard to access to documents. 
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything and that&#39;s why competition is not completely restricted and should not have to be.	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate all and that, accordingly, it does not have there nor cannot have there of competition without limits. 
ٳma, it is not certain in any way, that the proposed definition of fair price is to unplug it from any other because the definition of the multiple definitions that are currently used by the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another, because the different definitions are currently used in the Member States are enough is enough. 
As ٳnna voted against the text calls ٳly inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the recent Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which requires the incorporation of the Charter of the fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopted in Nice. 
Seventy-five members of the Senate, including twenty-four Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans. 
I find it strange that people are trying, so early, tie the hands of the Commission in the proposal Analq guideline, while they are demanding them to submit a Green Paper regarding the current situation with regard to health insurance plan and supplementary Alakhtari.	I find it a little strange to now obliging the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance. 
I would urge the French Presidency to do its utmost to overcome this division because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap, particularly destructive. 
Certainly the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution issued on March 16, 2000, what are the initiatives made by the Presidency of the European Council to take into account to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and complete application of UN plan for peace?	As the European Parliament, in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that they initiatives does the Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and entire application of the UN peace plan?   
Mr. President, I want to focus myself to Mrs. Mayar and report suspect that his words clearly selected and placed well with each other.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, which I find formulated well thought-out and clearly. 
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say some words about the joint resolution, which will pass the course.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we vote. 
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this call for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our board, that this legacy of nationalist era can send last ٳly.	I invite Prague to take this message, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to act and to make it so that, together with this House, these being nationalistic period relics may be abandoned. 
There must be honestly focal point for national agencies network, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence of food safety at regional level. 
While dragging the resolution, he expressed his conviction that this Parliament he would make himself heard Oktherٳma devoted, in the prevalence of the Council of Nice, a decision specific and detailed account of these important issues and the difficult international conference instead of dealing with them in a single resolution, which includes all other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would have done better by making its voice heard, in view of the Nice European Council, a separate and specific resolution on the issues which are so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council. 
Council of Europe, such as the Human Rights Court, has valuable experience regarding these forms of control and we can build on them.	Just as the European Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also considerable experience with regard to these forms of control; we can take as a basis. 
We have started to exchange ideas on this matter and which ones show that all Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have discussions on this issue, making it clear that all the Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement. 
First, simplify and clarify the treaties.	Firstly, that of simplification and clarification of the Treaties. 
Without a doubt, there would have been better not to have an agreement at all, rather than lean Agreement and correctly in this case, that the US proposal is the suggestion of the third degree, and he was totally unacceptable for Europe.	Without doubt, was better to have no agreement only have an agreement that is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the rebate, totally unacceptable for Europe. 
Joint debate has been closed.	The joint debate is closed. 
ٳma we want to help Indonesia must act now with money and deeds, and not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and actions, and not just with words. 
This is also the position recommended by the scheduled and shared by the European People&#39;s Party.	That is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party. 
Clearly, there are explanations for the crisis to the high incidence of mad cow disease not only in France, and ٳnma in other Member States as well.	We must clearly define the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States. 
Finally, and most ٳtharh controversial, the Committee called ٳly strongly ٳjra use the fast-track to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a subject more controversial, the Commission invited vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. 
Will continue to pressure and they are consolidating their position that Athsalon revenue from the delivery of mail above 150 grams.	They continue to put pressure. The money they earn with distribution beyond the bounds of 150 grammes allows them to strengthen their position. 
ٳmakna want to help Indonesia must act now with money and deeds, and not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must speak now with money and concrete action, and not just with words. 
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this call for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our board, that this legacy of nationalist era can send last ٳly.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to take action pursuant and to make to it so that, in.liaison.with this Parliament, these one nationalist era old relics can be abandoned. 
We must identify the causes of the rise in the incidence of mad cow disease not only in France but also in the Member States.	Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is managed in the Member States. 
These goals, the goal of which is important, secondary, it will be the governing standard from which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.	These objectives, the overriding goal and secondary objectives, will be the yardstick by which we judge the concrete proposals put forward by the Commission. 
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress in the accession negotiations and therefore expansion.	The European Council will discuss the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement. 
My party has serious reservations about Community law which applies to the sale of consumer products in exchange for applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has profound reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards. 
So I think that this reconciliation is sustainable, but if this government that I found very courageously solution to the issue of the university and many of the issues, you need to clear signs of success and strong support, otherwise Peace throughout the region will be replaced threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, but the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and to many other problems, needs the visible signs of success as well as a strong support, on pain of being threatened peace in the region as a whole. 
ٳn there are explanations for the crisis to rise not only in France and ٳnma in other Member States are also mad cow disease occurs.	We must obviously determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States. 
Certainly the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution issued on March 16, 2000, what are the initiatives made by the Presidency of the European Council to take into account to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and complete application of UN plan for peace?	As the European Parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, they initiatives European Council Presidency intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan? 
I wonder if the Commissioner has been designed any steps in this regard is clear that Kostunica sole legitimate representative of the team that deals with the European Union from this day.	I wonder if the Commissioner already provides the steps that will make it possible to show that we consider Koitunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now address. 
Labeling of beef that has been agreed upon and which form the minimum labeling and which came into force two and a half years ago does not make it possible to track down the source of the animals enough and we were very slow to ban them specific materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum and labelling which is in force for two and a half months, does not properly to trace the origin of the animals and we have banned quite late specified risk materials. 
The aim of the annual review is to identify potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify such potential improvements. 
There is an urgent need following the recent attacks on the Greek minority Bhimra measures to promote democracy and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more imperative that we need to promote measures for democratisation, institution-building and respect for human rights in Albania. 
I tell you loud and Wadah, Kostunica must give amnesty in the weeks or the next two months, but at the same time I strongly want to insert these lines in the budget: the democratic transition and reconstruction items, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political perspective or Mali.	And I say this to you very clearly: we must give its opportunity to Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty during the weeks or months ahead; but in the meantime, I wish, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction. 
Finally, and in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces an integrated way to achieve equality through gender mainstreaming and through the general guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines. 
Knowledge of foreign languages ​​is acceptable as a tool to move.	It is recognised that the knowledge of foreign languages is a prerequisite for mobility. 
There must be honestly focal point for national agencies network, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level. 
We have heard that the previous presidency of the Council first Hiklt then scrapped the Ministry of equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency has restructured first and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities. 
Parliament before the oral amendment.	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment) 
(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr. President, widening is essential for the construction of a strong and plain continent of Europe. 
On the situation in Burma.	On the situation in Burma. 
French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, on this cooperation, this support, and for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you. 
He studied this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world is in chaos, and we must begin a series of changes to put them in the right situation.	The lesson that must retain this House in her this morning's debate is that we are forced to conclude that the laws are maritime, throughout the world, in a state of mess, and that we must set about the task of them to bring order. 
Unfortunately, another goal of the European constitution will be exactly the opposite, and as a result, we can not, of course, to vote for him.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and of course we cannot agree.   
A step in the right direction and that the European Union has been striving to achieve for a long time now is ٳnchae temporary unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time. 
Cloture	The debate is closed. 
And those who refuse to enjoy the same freedom of movement like a traveler outside the car.	Those who reject the enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car. 
Worse still, I think, is the need to issue a warning that the court ruled in their favor can only be a set of comforting words and does not occur any real change in their lives.	In my opinion, there is nothing worse than having to inform the people to be made in their favour could be that a series of words and have no worries on their existence.   
During the withdrawal of the resolution, however, express my conviction that this Parliament has been able to make himself heard more if, in anticipation Nice Council, he had devoted a specific resolution and detail of these important issues and the difficult of the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealing with them in a single resolution that includes all other points on the agenda of the Council.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would do better to devote its voice, in view of the Nice Council, a specific resolution separate and the extremely important subjects and difficult if the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them within the framework of a single resolution including also all other items on the agenda of the Council. 
I have to be impressed with the report of the auditors that he had been a little more user-friendly and to provide a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per season.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more user-friendly and that it had submitted some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter. 
We are not condemn Slovakia to the second section, and it makes sense that it should be interested in joining together to the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wishes to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic. 
Welcome the proposed measures in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and approved by the General Committee regarding ٳjraat registration for NGOs to participate in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	We welcome the provisions proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly in relation to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, at the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001. 
This vague area, and it is possible that more complex preparations can remain in operation, and this is one point on which relate to modifications that we had Jdolnaha.	It is not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, especially on this point than we tabled amendments. 
Mr. Gesson, Greek ships have sunk without ٳnmar when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships were sunk, without any storm around, Mr Gayssot. 
Unfortunately ٳn another goal for the European constitution will be a sharp contrast, and thus will not be able to vote for him, of course.	Unfortunately the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be opposite and obviously we cannot support it. 
It&#39;s the kind of future we would also like to see him in other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union. 
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the internal market currently insist there is no upper limit and not inferior to at least 7%.	It is right in saying that the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%. 
There must be a truly national agencies to coordinate a network center, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It must be the true brain of coordination of the network of the national agencies which, in their turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence of food safety at the regional level. 
ٳnh he will be tried on the eighth of January on charges of attending a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which was denied.	It goes trial on 8 January of next year. It is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, as indeed it denies. 
Labeling of beef that has been adopted, which is the minimum labeling, in force for two and a half animal source is not tracking properly and I recently attended a little bit dangerous substances identified.	The labelling of beef which was decided, which is a minimum labelling and which came into effect only since two months and half, does not make it possible to suitably recall the origin of the animals and we prohibited well tardily the specified risk materials. 
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything and that&#39;s why competition is not completely restricted and should not have to be.	I stress this point because the market cannot solve all and, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits. 
Without a doubt, there would have been better not to have an agreement at all, rather than lean Agreement and correctly in this case, that the US proposal is the suggestion of the third degree, and he was totally unacceptable for Europe.	Undoubtedly, was it not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal with the reduction, completely unacceptable for Europe. 
It is heartening that the European Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favor of more openness.	We must welcome the fact that Parliament has managed to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency. 
On the contrary, the effect of national democracies is being reduced more and more because of more veto power constraints and the fact that the European Parliament has been and still gives more authority.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies decreases in force of limiting increasingly the right of veto and to give ever more power in Parliament of the EU. 
We have heard that the previous presidency of the Council first Hiklt then scrapped the Ministry of equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured can dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities. 
When we face the danger of potential, it is necessary to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle. 
Welcome the proposed arrangements in this regard by the Preparatory Committee and approved by the General Assembly on the registration of NGOs procedures for registration in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the way accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparation process and the special session in September 2001. 
When we face the danger of potential, it is important to apply the precautionary principles.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle. 
These goals, the goal of which is important, secondary, it will be the governing standard from which the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.	These objectives, the objective of primary and secondary objectives, the cornerstone of allowing us to judge the concrete proposals by the Commission.   
On the situation in Burma.	on the situation in Burma. 
During the withdrawal of the resolution, however, express my conviction that this Parliament has been able to make himself heard more if, in anticipation Nice Council, he had devoted a specific resolution and detail of these important issues and the difficult of the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealing with them in a single resolution that includes all other points on the agenda of the Council.	By withdrawing our resolution, I express however the conviction that our Parliament would have better done to hear its voice while devoting, for Conseil of Nice, a resolution specific and distinct with the so important and so difficult topics to the intergovernmental Conference, rather than to treat them within the framework of one only resolution also including all the other points of about an agenda of the Council. 
It is required to move quickly, so we decided to include this article on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda. 
This is what we have done: I have avoided the crisis in the budget to return to Article 272; and financial point of view and then preserved even if we had used the tool flexibility.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument. 
I would urge the French Presidency to do its utmost to overcome this division because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap particularly destructive. 
One can already be as he wants more, and in the improvement, but I think frankly that we have a good start.	We can indeed want more and better, but quite honestly that I believe this is a good start. 
I have to be impressed with the report of the auditors that he had been a little more user-friendly and to provide a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per season.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors a little more user-friendly and if he had presented a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter. 
Secondly, say no to the idea of ​​the Big Bang to integrate the applicant countries at the same time as a large group, because it works against the principle that each country must be allowed to enter according to own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept being recognised that the big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits. 
Given this situation, there is a need inescapable for greater participation and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Given these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential. 
My party has serious reservations about the Community law applicable to the sale of consumer goods in exchange for applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards. 
Given this situation, there is a need inescapable for greater participation and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with this situation, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential. 
So I think that this reconciliation is sustainable, but if this government that I found very courageously solution to the issue of the university and many of the issues, you need to clear signs of success and strong support, otherwise Peace throughout the region will be replaced threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take; however, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole. 
When we face the danger of potential, it is necessary to apply the backup / precautionary / preventive principles.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the principle of precaution.   
We have heard that the previous presidency of the Council first ٳaadh restructured and then scrapped the Ministry of equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the Ministry for equal opportunities. 
(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united European continent.	(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and United European continent.   
Either to be in a club or to be outside, and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore we bow to that decision. 
If it appalling conditions when we consider the European Union itself is a hero of modern business practices.	This is a disgrace when you think that the European Union raises a champion of the modernisation of economic life. 
This is what might we have done, we have avoided an economic crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been preserved, although we have used the flexibility instrument.	It is what we did: we avoided a budgetary crisis while returning in article 272; the financial perspectives were maintained, even if we used the flexibility instrument. 
Permits must follow concrete steps to track and freeze and seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The declarations must be followed concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the products of the crime. 
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I must say some words about the joint resolution, which will pass the course.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we shall vote. 
It is a question of the very utmost importance, which is strange attracted very little public attention.	The most urgent task, which is, however, has not yet a lively interest on the part of the public.   
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this call for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our board, that this legacy of nationalist era can send last ٳly.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow up and to ensure that, together with this House, these reliques an era nationalist may be abandoned. 
Finally, and most ٳtharh controversial, the Committee called ٳly strongly ٳjra use the fast-track to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is something which is most controversial, the committee has called vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. 
There are, of course, a very important event, and it has been made beginning with the fourth class and given to how we will deal with it, but it is not entirely clear now whether we have succeeded in finding a solution to this, partly because the Council refuses to be his sufficient contribution to the process of thinking associated.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we started in category four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the issue, not least because the Council does not wish to participate sufficiently in the reflection. 
So I think that this reconciliation is sustainable, but if this government that I found very courageously solution to the issue of the university and many of the issues, you need to clear signs of success and strong support, otherwise Peace throughout the region will be replaced threat.	This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. However, the government, which very courageously found a solution with the question of the universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of the success as well as strong support, under penalty of seeing the peace threatened as a whole of the area. 
This is also the position recommended by the scheduled and shared by the European People&#39;s Party.	It is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party. 
Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.	Approval of the Minutes of the previous session   
Parliament accepted the oral amendment.	(The House accepts the oral amendment) 
Third, acceptance of enlargement and the positive prospects States separately and the EU as a whole depends Osasa- and Denmark proved this- the dismantling of social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole dependent – the example of Denmark is there for us to show it – elimination on social and democratic deficits for European policy. 
That has been changed because of Alٳntqadat, especially from Ireland and France, and a different focus has been shedding now by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer adviser: It is now being portrayed as a fee to the user for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, gave a different interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles. 
(The meeting was suspended at 14:06 am and resumed at 15:00)	(The meeting, stopped with 14:06, is taken again at 3 p.m.) 
Question No. 6 through (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (H-0886 / 00): 
Knowledge of foreign languages ​​is acceptable as a requirement is necessary to navigate.	It is agreed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition for mobility. 
As ٳnna voted against the text calls ٳly inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the recent Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which asks for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted at Nice.   
ٳn worst situation is when the women concerned also be comers from distant countries, who took work out of desperation because they have no other way to continue to support themselves.	The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs. 
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress in the accession negotiations and therefore expansion.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement. 
ٳma we want to help Indonesia must act now with money and deeds, and not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and concrete actions, and not only with words. 
Council of Europe, as is the case on its outlook for the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience in such forms of censorship and that we can build on them.	Just as the Court of human rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience in this regard such forms of control and we can take as a basis.   
Finally, and in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces an integrated way to achieve equality through gender mainstreaming and through the general guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines. 
Through the first discussions on this file, which was held at the European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has made a commitment of the Member States of the sequential ٳjra paths aims to develop what we might call the European Police efficiency is based on the highest duty standards, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and the efficiency the war against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider a European police culture, based on the highest standards in terms of ethics, respect for citizens' rights and freedoms, and effectiveness in the fight against crime. 
Action is needed quickly, so we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we decided to put this item on the agenda. 
Mr. President, I want to focus myself to Mrs. Mayar and report suspect that his words clearly selected and placed well with each other.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs LalumiÃšre report, which I think is well thought-out and clearly formulated. 
This is the initial struggle in order to ensure that the proof of the fundamental rights was put into force in our political decisions.	It is our priority fight so that the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices. 
ٳn this kind of future that I would like to see it in other countries in the European Union.	It is an evolution of this type which I wish in the other States of the European Union. 
Those who stand aside against exactly enhanced cooperation has been and still give them the same freedom, such as rear-seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car. 
My party has serious reservations about Community law which applies to the sale of consumer products in exchange for applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer products by means of Community legislation, as it makes reservations about the concept of the mutual recognition of standards. 
There must be honestly focal point for national agencies network, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of franchise centers for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It must be true brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence in food safety at regional level. 
Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting 
A step in the right direction and that the EU was ٳlleha been struggling for a long time now, is ٳnchae temporary unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament is aiming for a long time. 
We are not condemn Slovakia to the second section, and it makes sense that it should be interested in joining together to the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not to remain in the second Group and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time that the Czech Republic.   
When we face the danger of potential, it is important to apply the precautionary principles.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the precautionary principle. 
This shameful situation the case when we consider that the EU itself is the champion of modernization of economic life.	This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of economic life! 
I think that France has set a great example by taking in the end of this step.	I find exemplary that France will be resolved to take this step. 
Mr. President, we have taken a great deal of care during preparation Karamano report of the Committee for the freedoms and rights of citizens, the Ministry of Justice and Interior.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report. 
This is also the position recommended by the scheduled and shared by the European People&#39;s Party.	This is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party. 
(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for building a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent. 
Given this situation, there is a need inescapable for greater participation and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	In view of these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential. 
A matter of urgency ٳma, ٳn supplement the commissioners of the Secretariat of the Joint Group of the Committee should be strengthened at the earliest opportunity in order to ensure that all the proposed chapters, which are general in scope when it is considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299 (2) should be It is simplified through a paper identifying side effects.	Thus, it is urgent that manpower of the Interdepartmental Group are very quickly reinforced with the cur of the General Secretariat of the Commission, so that all the proposals of act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, of a detailed impact statement. 
There are, of course, a very important event, and it has been made beginning with the fourth class and given to how we will deal with it, but it is not entirely clear now whether we have succeeded in finding a solution to this, partly because the Council refuses to be his sufficient contribution to the process of thinking associated.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun the heading four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought. 
French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, on this cooperation, this support, and for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks you. 
First, simplify and clarify the treaties.	First, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties. 
There must be a truly national agencies to coordinate a network center, which in turn must move and coordinate a network of centers of excellence for food safety at the level of individual regions.	It must be the real brains of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence on food safety at regional level. 
Alsidgesson, Greek ships have sunk without prior ٳnmar when there were no storms in the area.	The Greek ships have sunk, without there being the slightest storm in its neck of the woods, Mr Gayssot. 
2000/0794 / B5 through Mr. Medina Oorothyqa, Mr. Nkur and Mr. Fava (fava), on behalf of the Group of the European Socialist parties about the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the abduction by Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla movement. 
Above all, if there is to the owner of a single company or a company with fewer than 250 employees, and has a project, they do not need any provision for 120% loan guarantees in the form of lands for funding, as it should be supposed to obtain financing, depending on the good idea.	Above all, when a company unipersonnelle or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to benefit from funding not only with a guaranteed to 120%, but also on the basis of a simple idea: 
Before Parliament amendment verbally.	(The Parliament accepts the oral amendment) 
On the other hand, we would like to give us the opportunity to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro, Yugoslavia within ourselves, and recognize the principles of true democracy.	In addition, we would like to be likely to prove in Europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, by recognizing the true democratic principles. 
I say loud and clear: &quot;Here we must give Kostunica chance, and I hope that the general amnesty given in the weeks or months ahead, but at the same time I would like to provide an outline of these budgets, the new task of democratization and reconstruction, accompanied by political conditions and political and financial perspective. &quot;	And I would say to you very clearly: it must be given a chance to Kostunica, and I therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty over the coming weeks or months; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction. 
And we must speak with one voice jerky to the World Trade Organization	We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.
Marking of beef that has been agreed upon, and is the minimum labeling, and did not come into force until two months and a half, does not make it possible to trace the origin of the animals, and we were very slow to prevent materials where certain dangers.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago, does not make it possible to trace the origin of animals properly very late and have banned the specified risk material. 
Without a doubt, it was better that there is no agreement at all from the presence of a weak agreement and true, and in this case, it was the American proposal, a proposal of the third degree, and one proposal is totally unacceptable in Europe.	Without doubt, just better to have no agreement than having an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the US proposal was a watered-down proposal, which is totally unacceptable for Europe. 
Acceptable knowledge of foreign languages ​​as a necessary requirement to navigate.	It is allowed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition with mobility. 
Welcomes members of the working party in the United Kingdom, a group of international socialists, the adoption of its contribution to the ongoing work of the Intergovernmental Committee, and the enhanced cooperation without the approval of all the details.	. The British Labour Members of the PSE Group welcomes the support given to the contribution to the work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhere entirely with all the details of this. 
Mr. President, I want to focus myself to Mrs. Alemiar report, I think he formulated a clear and consistent terms.	Mr President, I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, that I find well thought-out and clearly formulated. 
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favor of more openness.	We should be pleased that Parliament has succeeded in bringing together a large majority in favour of greater transparency. 
A budget heading to fund mine clearance and prevention programs for many years now.	A budget line has programmes for mine clearance and prevention for years. 
Making them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which made highly dependent on capital borrowed. 
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a majority of more openness Kberhlsaleh.	It is necessary to be delighted that the Parliament succeeded in gathering a broad majority in favour of a greater transparency. 
French presidency, thank you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation and for your support, and also for the warm welcome you have given us.	For this co-operation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam the President, Mesdames and the European Deputies, the French presidency thanks you. 
There is an urgent need, in the wake of the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratic standards and standards to strengthen institutions, and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara more imperative the need to promote measures of democratisation, strengthening of the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. 
From the first discussions on this file, which was held at the European level, the initiative of the European Parliament, awarded the committee members&#39; commitment to pursue the course of action for the development of what we might call the European police culture that is based on the highest standards of service, and respect for the rights and freedoms of citizens, and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote action to develop what we might regard as a European police culture, based on the highest standards in the field of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and effectiveness in the fight against crime. 
And this is also the position advocated by the decision, with the participation of the European People&#39;s Party.	That is the position advocated by the rapporteur and supported by the European People's Party. 
Acceptable knowledge of foreign languages ​​as a necessary requirement to navigate.	It is accepted that knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition to mobility. 
Accepted that knowledge of foreign languages ​​is a necessary precondition to navigate.	I find it a little strange to want as of now forcing the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance. 
But I want to say to Parliament this afternoon, we should not lose sight that the European Union spends only 1% of GDP, and Adaralktar than that in the Member States.	However, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States. 
The aim of the annual review to identify these potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify potential such improvements. 
These are our priorities, we fight to ensure that the fundamental rights, and confirmation into effect in political decisions.	This is our struggle for priority that the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices. 
First, simplify and clarify these treaties.	Initially, that of a simplification and a clarification of the Treaties. 
And there is still a great deal of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts, and what are the measures that must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be taken. 
And I emphasize this point; because the market can not regulate everything, and that&#39;s why competition is not without any restrictions, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this context, it is not or cannot be competitive without borders.   
If we are in the club or outside, it is important and, in particular, have to accept it.	Either we part of the club, or we are not, and we must therefore we bow to this decision. 
On the situation in Burma.	On the situation in Burma.   
If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.   
question nº 6 of (H-0886/00):	السؤال رقم  6 (ح 0886/00)
First, simplify and clarify these treaties.	Firstly, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties. 
While employment in the EU gives priority to the policy of the fishing other economic sector can not be sidelined.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, fishing, as an economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines. 
And there is still a great deal of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts and what are the measures that must be taken.	It is necessary to know today, since we are still in the uncertainty, which are the scientific, what are the measures to take.   
I stress this point, because the market can not regulate everything, and that&#39;s why competition is not without any restrictions, and they should not be.	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this perspective, there is neither can be no competition without limits. 
Question 6 (H-0886/00):	سؤال رقم 6 ( ح 0886/00)
If we want to help Indonesia, we must move with money and deeds, not just words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and concrete action, and not only with words. 
First, simplify and clarify these treaties.	Firstly, the simplification and clarification of the Treaties. 
And, unfortunately, the ultimate objective of the European Constitution, by contrast, of course, we can not vote for him.	Unfortunately the ultimate goal of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and, of course, we cannot approve it. 
Decision on Bennis, voted today, it does not reflect that.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been voted, do not reflect. 
In my name and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on fishing, I would like to ask you, Madam President, send our deepest condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marin and Galicia, where most of the victims were from there.	Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany that Marín, city of Galicia, where are from most of the victims. 
Given this situation, there is a definite need for the participation of Okprofalah Okprmaharbh poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential. 
Mr. President, we have taken a great deal of attention during the preparation of the report of the Committee Krmeno citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on citizens' freedoms and rights, justice and internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.   
Long ago in 1996, the European Parliament was in favor of imposing attended on the use of meat and bone meal throughout the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle, if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament has voted in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had listened to. 
Finally, and most controversial, the Committee strongly urged to use the fast track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a controversial issue, the Commission has called with force to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. 
When we face the potential risks, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice. 
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner.   
Which make them heavily dependent on loans	An evolution which made them strongly dependent on the borrowed capital. 
Mr. President, we have taken a great deal of attention during the preparation Krmeno report of the Committee on citizens&#39; freedoms and rights, justice and internal affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and internal affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report. 
Corresponding closed	The debate is closed.   
Also it voted against the text calls for the inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, the Treaty of Nice, in the end.	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty, which will be adopted in Nice. 
Mr. President, the expansion is necessary to build a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united Europe. 
Approval of the minutes of the previous meeting.	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting. 
If we put a clear framework and binding on the Member States, there should be a longer evaluation period for the various required to meet these needs support systems.	If we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the various systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period test. 
And I tell you loud and clear: &quot;We must be given to Kostunica chance here, and therefore I hope that gives a general amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but at the same time I want to provide these items to the lines of the new budget, democracy and reconstruction, the attendant political conditions either political or financial perspective.	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.
The aim of the annual review is to identify possible improvements.	The annual report is designed to identify such potential improvements. 
We must work quickly; so we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is urgent and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda. 
One can want more, and in the improvement, but I honestly believe we have made a good start.	We can actually want more and better, but I think quite honestly that it is a good start. 
Parliament approved the amendment verbally.	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)   
My party had reservations about the application of Union law the sale of consumer products, in exchange for the application of the concept of mutual standards.	My party serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumption by means of Community legislation, as it has reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards. 
